javav2/example_code/dynamodb/Readme.md, before:

# Amazon DynamoDB code examples for the AWS SDK for Java V2

## Overview
This README discusses how to run and test the Java V2 code examples for Amazon DynamoDB.

Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.

## ⚠️ Important
* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. 
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
*  We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege). 
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

The credential provider used in all code examples is ProfileCredentialsProvider. For more information, see [Using credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).

### Single action

You will find these examples that use the **DynamoDbClient** object: 

- [Creating an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/CreateTable.java) (CreateTable command)
- [Creating an Amazon DynamoDB table with a composite key](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/CreateTableCompositeKey.java) (CreateTable command)
- [Deleting an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DeleteItem.java) (DeleteItem command)
- [Deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DeleteTable.java) (DeleteTable command)
- [Describing an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DescribeTable.java) (DescribeTable command)
- [Listing Amazon DynamoDB tables](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/ListTables.java) (ListTables command)
- [Putting items into an Amazon DynamoDB tables](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/PutItem.java) (PutItem command)
- [Querying items from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/Query.java) (Query command)
- [Updating a value located in an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/UpdateItem.java) (UpdateItem command)
- [Updating an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/UpdateTable.java) (UpdateTable command)

You will find these examples that use the **DynamoDbEnhancedClient** object:

- [Getting an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedGetItem.java) (GetItem command)
- [Inserting items into an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedBatchWriteItems.java) (BatchWriteItem command)
- [Modifying an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedModifyItem.java) (UpdateItem command)
- [Putting an item into an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedPutItem.java) (PutItem command)
- [Quering items from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedQueryRecords.java) (Query command)
- [Retrieving an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/GetItem.java) (GetItem command)
- [Scanning items from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedScanRecords.java) (Scan command)

### Scenario

- [Performing various Amazon DynamoDB operations](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/Scenario.java) (Multiple commands)
- [Performing various Amazon DynamoDB operations using PartiQL](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/ScenarioPartiQ.java) (Multiple commands)

### Cross-service

- [Creating your first AWS Java web application](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_first_project) 
- [Creating the Amazon DynamoDB web application item tracker](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_dynamodb_web_app) 
- [Creating scheduled events to invoke Lambda functions](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_scheduled_events) 
- [Create AWS serverless workflows by using the AWS SDK for Java](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_workflows_stepfunctions) 


## Running the examples
To run these examples, you can setup your development environment to use Apache Maven or Gradle to configure and build AWS SDK for Java projects. For more information, 
see [Get started with the AWS SDK for Java 2.x](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/get-started.html). 

Some of these examples perform *destructive* operations on AWS resources, such as deleting a table. **Be very careful** when running an operation that deletes or modifies AWS resources in your account.

## Tests
⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

You can test the Java code examples for Amazon DynamoDB by running a test file named **DynamoDBTest**. This file uses JUnit 5 to run the JUnit tests and is located in the **src/test/java** folder. For more information, see [https://junit.org/junit5/](https://junit.org/junit5/).

You can run the JUnit tests from a Java IDE, such as IntelliJ, or from the command line by using Maven. As each test is run, you can view messages that inform you if the various tests succeed or fail. For example, the following message informs you that Test 3 passed.

	Test 3 passed

**WARNING**: _Running these JUnit tests manipulates real Amazon DynamoDB resources and might incur charges on your account._

 ### Properties file
Before running the Amazon DynamoDB JUnit tests, you must define values in the **config.properties** file located in the **resources** folder. This file contains values that are required to run the JUnit tests. For example, you define a table name used for various tests. If you do not define all values, the JUnit tests fail.

Define these values to successfully run the JUnit tests:

- **tableName** - The name of an Amazon DynamoDB table. For example, **Music3**.
- **fileName** - The path to the JSON document that contains movie data that you can download from the Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide.
- **enhancedTableName** - the name of the DynamoDB table used with the enhanced client. For example, **Customer**.
- **key** – The name of a key to use. For example, **Artist**.
- **enhancedTableKey** the  name of a key to use for the enhanced client tests. For example, **Id**.
- **keyValue** – The key value. For example, **Famous Band**.
- **albumTitle** – An album title to use. For example, **AlbumTitle**.
- **AlbumTitleValue** – An album title value. For example, **Songs About Life**.
- **Awards** – A value for a column. For example, **Awards**.
- **AwardVal** – The value for the Awards column. For example, **10**.
- **SongTitle** – A value for another column. For example, **SongTitle**.
- **SongTitleVal** – The value for the SongTitle column. For example, **Happy Summer Day**.

### Command line
To run the JUnit tests from the command line, you can use the following command.

		mvn test

You will see output from the JUnit tests, as shown here.

	[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO]  T E S T S
	[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Running DynamoDBTest
	Running Amazon DynamoDB   Test 1
	Running Amazon DynamoDB  Test 2
	...
	Done!
	[INFO] Results:
	[INFO]
	[INFO] Tests run: 13, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0
	[INFO]
	INFO] --------------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
	[INFO]--------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time:  12.003 s
	[INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:25:08-05:00
	[INFO] --------------------------------------------

### Unsuccessful tests

If you do not define the correct values in the properties file, your JUnit tests are not successful. You will see an error message such as the following. You need to double-check the values that you set in the properties file and run the tests again.

	[INFO]
	[INFO] --------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD FAILURE
	[INFO] --------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time:  19.038 s
	[INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:41:51-05:00
	[INFO] ---------------------------------------
	[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-surefire-plugin:2.22.1:test (default-test) on project S3J2Project:  There are test failures.
	[ERROR];


## Additional resources
* [Developer guide - AWS SDK for Java 2.x](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/get-started.html).
* [Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html).
* [Interface DynamoDbClient](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/java/api/latest/software/amazon/awssdk/services/dynamodb/DynamoDbClient.html).

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Add Secondary Index Java example (#3249)
* Add files via upload

* Update Readme.md

* Delete GetItemIndex.java

* Add files via upload

* Update QueryItemsUsingIndex.java

* Update QueryItemsUsingIndex.java

* Update Readme.md

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update README.rst

javav2/example_code/dynamodb/Readme.md, after:

# Amazon DynamoDB code examples for the AWS SDK for Java V2

## Overview
This README discusses how to run and test the Java V2 code examples for Amazon DynamoDB.

Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.

## ⚠️ Important
* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. 
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
*  We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege). 
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

The credential provider used in all code examples is ProfileCredentialsProvider. For more information, see [Using credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).

### Single action

You will find these examples that use the **DynamoDbClient** object: 

- [Creating an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/CreateTable.java) (CreateTable command)
- [Creating an Amazon DynamoDB table with a composite key](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/CreateTableCompositeKey.java) (CreateTable command)
- [Deleting an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DeleteItem.java) (DeleteItem command)
- [Deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DeleteTable.java) (DeleteTable command)
- [Describing an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/DescribeTable.java) (DescribeTable command)
- [Listing Amazon DynamoDB tables](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/ListTables.java) (ListTables command)
- [Putting items into an Amazon DynamoDB tables](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/PutItem.java) (PutItem command)
- [Querying items from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/Query.java) (Query command)
- [Querying items from an Amazon DynamoDB table using a secondary index](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/QueryItemsUsingIndex.java) (Query command)
- [Updating a value located in an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/UpdateItem.java) (UpdateItem command)
- [Updating an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/UpdateTable.java) (UpdateTable command)

You will find these examples that use the **DynamoDbEnhancedClient** object:

- [Getting an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedGetItem.java) (GetItem command)
- [Inserting items into an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedBatchWriteItems.java) (BatchWriteItem command)
- [Modifying an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedModifyItem.java) (UpdateItem command)
- [Putting an item into an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedPutItem.java) (PutItem command)
- [Quering items from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedQueryRecords.java) (Query command)
- [Quering items from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client and a secondary index](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedGetItemUsingIndex.java) (Query command)
- [Retrieving an item from an Amazon DynamoDB table](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/GetItem.java) (GetItem command)
- [Scanning items from an Amazon DynamoDB table by using the enhanced client](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/EnhancedScanRecords.java) (Scan command)

### Scenario

- [Performing various Amazon DynamoDB operations](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/Scenario.java) (Multiple commands)
- [Performing various Amazon DynamoDB operations using PartiQL](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javav2/example_code/dynamodb/src/main/java/com/example/dynamodb/ScenarioPartiQ.java) (Multiple commands)

### Cross-service

- [Creating your first AWS Java web application](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_first_project) 
- [Creating the Amazon DynamoDB web application item tracker](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_dynamodb_web_app) 
- [Creating scheduled events to invoke Lambda functions](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_scheduled_events) 
- [Create AWS serverless workflows by using the AWS SDK for Java](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javav2/usecases/creating_workflows_stepfunctions) 


## Running the examples
To run these examples, you can setup your development environment to use Apache Maven or Gradle to configure and build AWS SDK for Java projects. For more information, 
see [Get started with the AWS SDK for Java 2.x](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/get-started.html). 

Some of these examples perform *destructive* operations on AWS resources, such as deleting a table. **Be very careful** when running an operation that deletes or modifies AWS resources in your account.

## Tests
⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

You can test the Java code examples for Amazon DynamoDB by running a test file named **DynamoDBTest**. This file uses JUnit 5 to run the JUnit tests and is located in the **src/test/java** folder. For more information, see [https://junit.org/junit5/](https://junit.org/junit5/).

You can run the JUnit tests from a Java IDE, such as IntelliJ, or from the command line by using Maven. As each test is run, you can view messages that inform you if the various tests succeed or fail. For example, the following message informs you that Test 3 passed.

	Test 3 passed

**WARNING**: _Running these JUnit tests manipulates real Amazon DynamoDB resources and might incur charges on your account._

 ### Properties file
Before running the Amazon DynamoDB JUnit tests, you must define values in the **config.properties** file located in the **resources** folder. This file contains values that are required to run the JUnit tests. For example, you define a table name used for various tests. If you do not define all values, the JUnit tests fail.

Define these values to successfully run the JUnit tests:

- **tableName** - The name of an Amazon DynamoDB table. For example, **Music3**.
- **fileName** - The path to the JSON document that contains movie data that you can download from the Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide.
- **enhancedTableName** - the name of the DynamoDB table used with the enhanced client. For example, **Customer**.
- **key** – The name of a key to use. For example, **Artist**.
- **enhancedTableKey** the  name of a key to use for the enhanced client tests. For example, **Id**.
- **keyValue** – The key value. For example, **Famous Band**.
- **albumTitle** – An album title to use. For example, **AlbumTitle**.
- **AlbumTitleValue** – An album title value. For example, **Songs About Life**.
- **Awards** – A value for a column. For example, **Awards**.
- **AwardVal** – The value for the Awards column. For example, **10**.
- **SongTitle** – A value for another column. For example, **SongTitle**.
- **SongTitleVal** – The value for the SongTitle column. For example, **Happy Summer Day**.

### Command line
To run the JUnit tests from the command line, you can use the following command.

		mvn test

You will see output from the JUnit tests, as shown here.

	[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO]  T E S T S
	[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Running DynamoDBTest
	Running Amazon DynamoDB   Test 1
	Running Amazon DynamoDB  Test 2
	...
	Done!
	[INFO] Results:
	[INFO]
	[INFO] Tests run: 13, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0
	[INFO]
	INFO] --------------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
	[INFO]--------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time:  12.003 s
	[INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:25:08-05:00
	[INFO] --------------------------------------------

### Unsuccessful tests

If you do not define the correct values in the properties file, your JUnit tests are not successful. You will see an error message such as the following. You need to double-check the values that you set in the properties file and run the tests again.

	[INFO]
	[INFO] --------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD FAILURE
	[INFO] --------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time:  19.038 s
	[INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:41:51-05:00
	[INFO] ---------------------------------------
	[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-surefire-plugin:2.22.1:test (default-test) on project S3J2Project:  There are test failures.
	[ERROR];


## Additional resources
* [Developer guide - AWS SDK for Java 2.x](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/get-started.html).
* [Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html).
* [Interface DynamoDbClient](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/java/api/latest/software/amazon/awssdk/services/dynamodb/DynamoDbClient.html).

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
