<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-10-26 15:45:20.996181 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SES code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SES is a reliable, scalable, and cost-effective email service.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create an email template](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L262) (`CreateTemplate`)
* [Delete an email template](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L343) (`DeleteTemplate`)
* [Delete an identity](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L119) (`DeleteIdentity`)
* [Get sending limits](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L212) (`GetSendQuota`)
* [Get the status of an identity](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L56) (`GetIdentityVerificationAttributes`)
* [List email templates](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L237) (`ListTemplates`)
* [List identities](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L27) (`ListIdentities`)
* [Send email](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L148) (`SendEmail`)
* [Send templated email](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L301) (`SendTemplatedEmail`)
* [Verify an email identity](Actions/SESWrapper.cs#L87) (`VerifyEmailIdentity`)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Create a web application to track DynamoDB data](../cross_service/DynamoDbItemTracker)
* [Create an Aurora Serverless work item tracker](../cross_service/AuroraItemTracker)
* [Detect objects in images](../cross-service/PhotoAnalyzerApp)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the
[README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively,
add a settings.local.json file with your local settings, which will be loaded automatically
when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```

Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SES Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon SES API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET Amazon SES reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/SimpleEmail/NSimpleEmail.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0