<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-12 00:07:52.202277 (UTC)-->
# Step Functions code examples for the SDK for Python

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Python (Boto3) to work with AWS Step Functions.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Step Functions makes it easy to coordinate the components of distributed applications as a series of steps in a visual workflow.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `python` folder.

Install the packages required by these examples by running the following in a virtual environment:

```
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Step Functions](hello.py#L4) (`ListStateMachines`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a state machine](state_machines.py#L28) (`CreateStateMachine`)
* [Create an activity](activities.py#L31) (`CreateActivity`)
* [Delete a state machine](state_machines.py#L138) (`DeleteStateMachine`)
* [Delete an activity](activities.py#L118) (`DeleteActivity`)
* [Describe a state machine](state_machines.py#L75) (`DescribeStateMachine`)
* [Describe a state machine run](state_machines.py#L118) (`DescribeExecution`)
* [Get task data for an activity](activities.py#L73) (`GetActivityTask`)
* [List activities](activities.py#L51) (`ListActivities`)
* [List state machines](state_machines.py#L53) (`ListStateMachines`)
* [Send a success response to a task](activities.py#L95) (`SendTaskSuccess`)
* [Start a state machine run](state_machines.py#L95) (`StartExecution`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with state machines](get_started_state_machines.py) 

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Create a messenger application](../../cross_service/stepfunctions_messenger) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Step Functions

This example shows you how to get started using Step Functions.

```
python hello.py
```


#### Get started with state machines

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create an activity.
* Create a state machine from an Amazon States Language definition that contains the previously created activity as a step.
* Run the state machine and respond to the activity with user input.
* Get the final status and output after the run completes, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.sfn_Scenario_GetStartedStateMachines.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.sfn_Scenario_GetStartedStateMachines.end-->

Start the example by running the following at a command prompt:

```
python get_started_state_machines.py
```

<!--custom.scenarios.sfn_Scenario_GetStartedStateMachines.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.sfn_Scenario_GetStartedStateMachines.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `python` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Step Functions Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/welcome.html)
* [Step Functions API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/apireference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Python Step Functions reference](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/stepfunctions.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0