<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-12-26 19:35:09.577117 (UTC)-->
# HealthImaging code examples for the SDK for C++

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for C++ to work with AWS HealthImaging.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*HealthImaging is a HIPAA-eligible service that helps health care providers and their medical imaging ISV partners store, transform, and apply machine learning to medical images.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites



Before using the code examples, first complete the installation and setup steps
for [Getting started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started.html) in the AWS SDK for
C++ Developer Guide.
This section covers how to get and build the SDK, and how to build your own code by using the SDK with a
sample Hello World-style application.

Next, for information on code example structures and how to build and run the examples, see [Getting started with the AWS SDK for C++ code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started-code-examples.html).


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello HealthImaging](hello_health_imaging/CMakeLists.txt#L4) (`ListDatastores`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Delete an image set](delete_image_set.cpp#L24) (`DeleteImageSet`)
* [Get an image frame](get_image_frame.cpp#L36) (`GetImageFrame`)
* [Get import job properties](get_dicom_import_job.cpp#L32) (`GetDICOMImportJob`)
* [Get metadata for an image set](get_image_set_metadata.cpp#L24) (`GetImageSetMetadata`)
* [Import bulk data into a data store](start_dicom_import_job.cpp#L24) (`StartDICOMImportJob`)
* [Search image sets](search_image_sets.cpp#L25) (`SearchImageSets`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions



An executable is built for each source file. These executables are located in the build folder and have
"run_" prepended to the source file name, minus the suffix. See the "main" function in the source file for further instructions.

For example, to run the action in the source file "my_action.cpp", execute the following command from within the build folder. The command
will display any required arguments.

```
./run_my_action
```
<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello HealthImaging

This example shows you how to get started using HealthImaging.



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.



```sh
   cd <BUILD_DIR>
   cmake <path-to-root-of-this-source-code> -DBUILD_TESTS=ON
   make
   ctest
```


<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [HealthImaging User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/devguide/what-is.html)
* [HealthImaging API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for C++ HealthImaging reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/cpp/api/LATEST/aws-cpp-sdk-medical-imaging/html/annotated.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0