javascriptv3/example_code/secrets/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for Amazon Secrets Manager examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Secrets Manager examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

See the [AWS Secrets Manager User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/manage_retrieve-secret.html) for more information about the Amazon Secrets Manager.

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-secrets-manager/index.html) contains the API operations for the AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Amazon Secrets Manager client module.

Amazon Secrets Manager helps you protect secrets needed to access your applications, services, and IT resources. 


# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. 
See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for 
instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These dependencies include the client module for the AWS services that this example requires, 
which is the *@aws-sdk/client-secrets-manager*.
```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/secrets 
npm install
```
3. If you're using JavaScript, change the sample file extension from ```.ts``` to ```.js```.

4. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

5. Run sample code:
```
cd src
ts-node [example name].ts // e.g., ts-node secrets_getsecretvalue.ts
```

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/secrets/README.md, after:

# Amazon Secrets Manager JavaScript SDK v3 code examples
Amazon Secrets Manager helps you protect secrets needed to access your applications, services, and IT resources. 

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Secrets Manager examples. 
- [Get secret value](src/secrets_getsecretvalue.js)

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).

## Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. 
See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for 
instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These dependencies include the client module for the AWS services that this example requires, 
which is the *@aws-sdk/client-secrets-manager*.
```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/secrets 
npm install
```


3. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

4. Run sample code:
```
cd src
node [example name].js // For example, node secrets_getsecretvalue.js
```

## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)  
- [AWS Secrets Manager User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/manage_retrieve-secret.html) 
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-secrets-manager/index.html)
