<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-10-13 17:49:14.799890 (UTC)-->
# Amazon Comprehend code examples for the SDK for Python

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Python (Boto3) to work with Amazon Comprehend.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon Comprehend uses natural language processing (NLP) to extract insights about the content of documents without the need of any special preprocessing.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `python` folder.

Install the packages required by these examples by running the following in a virtual environment:

```
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a document classifier](comprehend_classifier.py#L41) (`CreateDocumentClassifier`)
* [Delete a document classifier](comprehend_classifier.py#L119) (`DeleteDocumentClassifier`)
* [Describe a document classification job](comprehend_classifier.py#L179) (`DescribeDocumentClassificationJob`)
* [Describe a document classifier](comprehend_classifier.py#L79) (`DescribeDocumentClassifier`)
* [Describe a topic modeling job](comprehend_topic_modeler.py#L75) (`DescribeTopicsDetectionJob`)
* [Detect entities in a document](comprehend_detect.py#L51) (`DetectEntities`)
* [Detect key phrases in a document](comprehend_detect.py#L73) (`DetectKeyPhrases`)
* [Detect personally identifiable information in a document](comprehend_detect.py#L95) (`DetectPiiEntities`)
* [Detect syntactical elements of a document](comprehend_detect.py#L138) (`DetectSyntax`)
* [Detect the dominant language in a document](comprehend_detect.py#L32) (`DetectDominantLanguage`)
* [Detect the sentiment of a document](comprehend_detect.py#L117) (`DetectSentiment`)
* [List document classification jobs](comprehend_classifier.py#L199) (`ListDocumentClassificationJobs`)
* [List document classifiers](comprehend_classifier.py#L101) (`ListDocumentClassifiers`)
* [List topic modeling jobs](comprehend_topic_modeler.py#L95) (`ListTopicsDetectionJobs`)
* [Start a document classification job](comprehend_classifier.py#L134) (`StartDocumentClassificationJob`)
* [Start a topic modeling job](comprehend_topic_modeler.py#L34) (`StartTopicsDetectionJob`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Detect document elements](comprehend_detect.py)
* [Run a topic modeling job on sample data](comprehend_topic_modeler.py)
* [Train a custom classifier and classify documents](comprehend_classifier.py)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Detect entities in text extracted from an image](../../cross_service/textract_comprehend_notebook)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



#### Detect document elements

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Detect languages, entities, and key phrases in a document.
* Detect personally identifiable information (PII) in a document.
* Detect the sentiment of a document.
* Detect syntax elements in a document.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_DetectApis.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_DetectApis.end-->

Start the example by running the following at a command prompt:

```
python comprehend_detect.py
```


<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_DetectApis.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_DetectApis.end-->

#### Run a topic modeling job on sample data

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Run an Amazon Comprehend topic modeling job on sample data.
* Get information about the job.
* Extract job output data from Amazon S3.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_TopicModeler.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_TopicModeler.end-->

Start the example by running the following at a command prompt:

```
python comprehend_topic_modeler.py
```


<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_TopicModeler.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_TopicModeler.end-->

#### Train a custom classifier and classify documents

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create an Amazon Comprehend multi-label classifier.
* Train the classifier on sample data.
* Run a classification job on a second set of data.
* Extract the job output data from Amazon S3.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_ComprehendClassifier.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.comprehend_Usage_ComprehendClassifier.end-->

Start the example by running the following at a command prompt:

```
python comprehend_classifier.py
```


<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_ComprehendClassifier.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.comprehend_Usage_ComprehendClassifier.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `python` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon Comprehend Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/what-is.html)
* [Amazon Comprehend API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/APIReference/welcome.html)
* [SDK for Python Amazon Comprehend reference](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/comprehend.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0