javascriptv3/example_code/polly/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for Amazon Polly examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Polly examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-polly/index.html) contains the API operations for the AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Amazon Polly client module.


Amazon Polly is a service that turns text into lifelike speech, allowing you to create applications that talk, 
and build entirely new categories of speech-enabled products. 
 
**NOTE:** The AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 is written in TypeScript so, for consistency, these examples are also 
in TypeScript. TypeScript extends of JavaScript so these examples can also be run as JavaScript. 
For more information, see [TypeScript homepage](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which are *@aws-sdk/client-cognito-identity*, *@aws-sdk/credential-provider-cognito-identity*,
*@aws-sdk/client-polly*, and *@aws-sdk/polly-request-presigner*.

```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/polly
npm install
```
3. Follow the instructions in the [Getting Started in the browser topic of the AWS SDK for JavaScript (V3) DeveloperGuide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/getting-started-browser.html).

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/polly/README.md, after:

# Amazon Polly JavaScript SDK v3 code examples
Amazon Polly is a service that turns text into lifelike speech, allowing you to create applications that talk, 
and build entirely new categories of speech-enabled products. 

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Polly examples. 
- [Convert text to speech - Node.js](./general-examples/src/polly_synthesize_to_s3.js)
- [Convert text to speech - Browser](./src/polly.js)


**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).

## Getting started
1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which are *@aws-sdk/client-cognito-identity*, *@aws-sdk/credential-provider-cognito-identity*,
*@aws-sdk/client-polly*, and *@aws-sdk/polly-request-presigner*.

```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/polly
npm install
```
3. Follow the instructions in the [Getting Started in the browser topic of the AWS SDK for JavaScript (V3) DeveloperGuide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/getting-started-browser.html).


## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)  
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-polly/index.html)
