<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-03-31 23:31:11.607194 (UTC)-->
# DynamoDB code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with Amazon DynamoDB.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a table](actions/table_basics.go#L54) (`CreateTable`)
* [Delete a table](actions/table_basics.go#L326) (`DeleteTable`)
* [Delete an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go#L311) (`DeleteItem`)
* [Get an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go#L216) (`GetItem`)
* [Get information about a table](actions/table_basics.go#L31) (`DescribeTable`)
* [List tables](actions/table_basics.go#L99) (`ListTables`)
* [Put an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go#L116) (`PutItem`)
* [Query a table](actions/table_basics.go#L238) (`Query`)
* [Run a PartiQL statement](actions/partiql.go#L30) (`ExecuteStatement`)
* [Run batches of PartiQL statements](actions/partiql.go#L149) (`BatchExecuteStatement`)
* [Scan a table](actions/table_basics.go#L272) (`Scan`)
* [Update an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go#L135) (`UpdateItem`)
* [Write a batch of items](actions/table_basics.go#L172) (`BatchWriteItem`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with tables, items, and queries](actions/table_basics.go) 
* [Query a table by using batches of PartiQL statements](actions/partiql.go) 
* [Query a table using PartiQL](actions/partiql.go) 

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->


#### Run a scenario

All scenarios can be run with the `cmd` runner. To get a list of scenarios
and to get help for running a scenario, use the following command:

```
go run ./cmd -h
```

#### Get started with tables, items, and queries

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a table that can hold movie data.
* Put, get, and update a single movie in the table.
* Write movie data to the table from a sample JSON file.
* Query for movies that were released in a given year.
* Scan for movies that were released in a range of years.
* Delete a movie from the table, then delete the table.

<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_GettingStartedMovies.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_GettingStartedMovies.end-->

#### Query a table by using batches of PartiQL statements

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Get a batch of items by running multiple SELECT statements.
* Add a batch of items by running multiple INSERT statements.
* Update a batch of items by running multiple UPDATE statements.
* Delete a batch of items by running multiple DELETE statements.

<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_PartiQLBatch.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_PartiQLBatch.end-->

#### Query a table using PartiQL

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Get an item by running a SELECT statement.
* Add an item by running an INSERT statement.
* Update an item by running an UPDATE statement.
* Delete an item by running a DELETE statement.

<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_PartiQLSingle.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.dynamodb_Scenario_PartiQLSingle.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [DynamoDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html)
* [DynamoDB API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 DynamoDB reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/dynamodb)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0