gov2/dynamodb/README.md, before:

# DynamoDB examples for the AWS SDK for Go (v2).

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go (v2) to create Amazon DynamoDB
tables and move data in and out of them.

Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance applications at any scale. DynamoDB offers built-in security, continuous backups, automated multi-Region replication, in-memory caching, and data import and export tools. 

## ⚠️ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. 
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege). 
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`CreateTable`)
* [Delete a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DeleteTable`)
* [Delete an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DeleteItem`)
* [Get an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`GetItem`)
* [Get information about a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DescribeTable`)
* [List tables](actions/table_basics.go) (`ListTables`)
* [Put an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`PutItem`)
* [Query a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`Query`)
* [Run a PartiQL statement](actions/partiql.go) (`ExecuteStatement`)
* [Run batches of PartiQL statements](actions/partiql.go) (`BatchExecuteStatement`)
* [Scan a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`Scan`)
* [Update an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`UpdateItem`)
* [Write a batch of items](actions/table_basics.go) (`BatchWriteItem`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling
multiple functions within the same service.

* [Get started using tables, items, and queries](scenarios/scenario_movie_table.go)
* [Query a table using PartiQL](scenarios/scenario_partiql_single.go)
* [Query a table by using batches of PartiQL statements](scenarios/scenario_partiql_batch.go)
  
## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

Prerequisites for running the examples for this service can be found in the
[README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the GoV2 folder.

### Instructions

Go to the directory where you want to run the sample, and do the following:

```
go mod tidy
go run ./cmd -scenario movieTable
```

## Tests

⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

Instructions for running the tests for this service can be found in the
[README](../README.md#Tests) in the GoV2 folder.

## Additional resources

* [Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html)
* [Amazon DynamoDB API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [AWS SDK for Go DynamoDB API Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/dynamodb)

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Restored scenario descriptions to the DynamoDB README.

gov2/dynamodb/README.md, after:

# DynamoDB examples for the AWS SDK for Go (v2).

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go (v2) to create Amazon DynamoDB
tables and move data in and out of them.

Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance applications at any scale. DynamoDB offers built-in security, continuous backups, automated multi-Region replication, in-memory caching, and data import and export tools. 

## ⚠️ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. 
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege). 
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`CreateTable`)
* [Delete a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DeleteTable`)
* [Delete an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DeleteItem`)
* [Get an item from a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`GetItem`)
* [Get information about a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`DescribeTable`)
* [List tables](actions/table_basics.go) (`ListTables`)
* [Put an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`PutItem`)
* [Query a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`Query`)
* [Run a PartiQL statement](actions/partiql.go) (`ExecuteStatement`)
* [Run batches of PartiQL statements](actions/partiql.go) (`BatchExecuteStatement`)
* [Scan a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`Scan`)
* [Update an item in a table](actions/table_basics.go) (`UpdateItem`)
* [Write a batch of items](actions/table_basics.go) (`BatchWriteItem`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling
multiple functions within the same service.

* [Get started using tables, items, and queries](scenarios/scenario_movie_table.go)
* [Query a table using PartiQL](scenarios/scenario_partiql_single.go)
* [Query a table by using batches of PartiQL statements](scenarios/scenario_partiql_batch.go)
  
#### Get started using tables, items, and queries

This interactive scenario runs at a command prompt and shows you how to use DynamoDB
to do the following:

- Create a table that can hold movie data.
- Put, get, and update a single movie in the table.
- Write movie data to the table from a sample JSON file.
- Query for movies that were released in a given year.
- Scan for movies that were released in a range of years.
- List tables in your account.
- Delete a movie from the table.
- Delete the table.

#### Query a table using PartiQL

These two scenarios show you how to run PartiQL statements to query a DynamoDB table of
movie data. You can do this one at a time or in batches. Both scenarios add, get,
update, and delete movies in the table.

Install all required resources and start the example by running one of the following in 
the `dynamodb` folder at a command prompt.

```
go mod tidy
go run ./cmd -scenario partiQLSingle
go run ./cmd -scenario partiQLBatch
```

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

Prerequisites for running the examples for this service can be found in the
[README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the GoV2 folder.

### Instructions

Go to the directory where you want to run the sample, and do the following:

```
go mod tidy
go run ./cmd -scenario movieTable
```

## Tests

⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

Instructions for running the tests for this service can be found in the
[README](../README.md#Tests) in the GoV2 folder.

## Additional resources

* [Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html)
* [Amazon DynamoDB API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [AWS SDK for Go DynamoDB API Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/dynamodb)

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
