<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-08-09 19:19:22.400017 (UTC)-->

# Amazon SQS code examples for the SDK for JavaScript (v3)

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3) to work with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_Amazon SQS is a fully managed message queuing service that makes it easy to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Get started

- [Hello Amazon SQS](hello.js#L8) (`ListQueues`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Change message timeout visibility](actions/change-message-visibility.js#L7) (`ChangeMessageVisibility`)
- [Configure a dead-letter queue](actions/set-attributes-dead-letter.js#L8) (`SetQueueAttributes`)
- [Create a queue](actions/create-queue.js#L7) (`CreateQueue`)
- [Delete a batch of messages from a queue](actions/receive-delete-message.js#L8) (`DeleteMessageBatch`)
- [Delete a message from a queue](actions/receive-delete-message.js#L8) (`DeleteMessage`)
- [Delete a queue](actions/delete-queue.js#L8) (`DeleteQueue`)
- [Get attributes for a queue](actions/get-queue-attributes.js#L8) (`GetQueueAttributes`)
- [Get the URL of a queue](actions/get-queue-url.js#L8) (`GetQueueUrl`)
- [List queues](actions/list-queues.js#L8) (`ListQueues`)
- [Receive messages from a queue](actions/receive-delete-message.js#L8) (`ReceiveMessage`)
- [Send a message to a queue](actions/send-message.js#L8) (`SendMessage`)
- [Set queue attributes](actions/set-queue-attributes.js#L8) (`SetQueueAttributes`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html).

**Run a single action**

```bash
node ./actions/<fileName>
```

**Run a scenario**
Most scenarios can be run with the following command:

```bash
node ./scenarios/<fileName>
```

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Amazon SQS

This example shows you how to get started using Amazon SQS.

```bash
node ./hello.js
```

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [Amazon SQS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/welcome.html)
- [Amazon SQS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [SDK for JavaScript (v3) Amazon SQS reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/sqs/index.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
