javascript/README.rst, before:

.. Copyright 2010-2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

   This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0
   International License (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance with the
   License. A copy of the License is located at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.

   This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
   either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

###############################
AWS SDK for JavaScript examples
###############################

These are examples for the AWS SDK for JavaScript public documentation.

Prerequisites
=============

To build and run these examples, you'll need:

- Node.js
- AWS SDK for JavaScript downloaded and extracted somewhere on your machine
- AWS credentials in a local AWS credentials JSON file named ``config.json``

Running the examples
====================

To run the examples, you'll need to copy your local credentials file into the same directory
as the example files. For more information about how to set up your local credentials file,
see `Loading Credentials in Node.js from a
JSON File <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/loading-node-credentials-json-file.html>`_
in the *AWS SDK for JavaScript Developer Guide*.

The Node.js examples are all run from the command line.

SDK Downloads
=============

You can download minified and non-minified distributable versions of the current AWS SDK for JavaScript at:

`https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/tree/master/dist <https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/tree/master/dist>`_

Documentation
=============

You can find detailed documentation for the AWS SDK for JavaScript at:

- `AWS SDK for JavaScript Developer Guide <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide>`_
- `AWS SDK for JavaScript API Reference <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/index.html>`_

Commit message:

readme updated for shared credentials file use

javascript/README.rst, after:

.. Copyright 2010-2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

   This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0
   International License (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance with the
   License. A copy of the License is located at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.

   This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
   either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

###############################
AWS SDK for JavaScript examples
###############################

These are examples for the AWS SDK for JavaScript public documentation.

Prerequisites
=============

To build and run these examples, you'll need:

- Node.js
- AWS SDK for JavaScript downloaded and extracted somewhere on your machine
- AWS credentials in a shared credentials file

Running the examples
====================

To run the examples, you'll need to create a shared credentials file. For more information about how to set up a shared credentials file,
see `Loading Credentials in Node.js from the Shared Credentials File <http://integ-docs-aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/loading-node-credentials-shared.html>`_
in the *AWS SDK for JavaScript Developer Guide*.

The Node.js examples are all run from the command line.

SDK Downloads
=============

You can download minified and non-minified distributable versions of the current AWS SDK for JavaScript at:

`https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/tree/master/dist <https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/tree/master/dist>`_

Documentation
=============

You can find detailed documentation for the AWS SDK for JavaScript at:

- `AWS SDK for JavaScript Developer Guide <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide>`_
- `AWS SDK for JavaScript API Reference <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/index.html>`_
