<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-02-15 23:39:07.000519 (UTC)-->

# Amazon EC2 code examples for the SDK for JavaScript V3

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript V3 to work with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_Amazon EC2 is a web service that provides resizable computing capacity—literally, servers in Amazon's data centers—that you use to build and host your software systems._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Get started

- [Hello Amazon EC2](hello.js#L8) (`DescribeSecurityGroups`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Allocate an Elastic IP address](actions/allocate-address.js#L8) (`AllocateAddress`)
- [Associate an Elastic IP address with an instance](actions/associate-address.js#L8) (`AssociateAddress`)
- [Create a security group](actions/create-security-group.js#L8) (`CreateSecurityGroup`)
- [Create a security key pair](actions/create-key-pair.js#L8) (`CreateKeyPair`)
- [Create and run an instance](actions/run-instances.js#L8) (`RunInstances`)
- [Delete a security group](actions/delete-security-group.js#L8) (`DeleteSecurityGroup`)
- [Delete a security key pair](actions/delete-key-pair.js#L8) (`DeleteKeyPair`)
- [Describe Regions](actions/describe-regions.js#L8) (`DescribeRegions`)
- [Describe instances](actions/describe-instances.js#L8) (`DescribeInstances`)
- [Disable detailed monitoring](actions/unmonitor-instances.js#L8) (`UnmonitorInstances`)
- [Disassociate an Elastic IP address from an instance](actions/disassociate-address.js#L8) (`DisassociateAddress`)
- [Enable monitoring](actions/monitor-instances.js#L8) (`MonitorInstances`)
- [Get data about Amazon Machine Images](actions/describe-images.js#L8) (`DescribeImages`)
- [Get data about a security group](actions/describe-security-groups.js#L8) (`DescribeSecurityGroups`)
- [Get data about instance types](actions/describe-instance-types.js#L8) (`DescribeInstanceTypes`)
- [Get details about Elastic IP addresses](actions/describe-addresses.js#L8) (`DescribeAddresses`)
- [List security key pairs](actions/describe-key-pairs.js#L8) (`DescribeKeyPairs`)
- [Reboot an instance](actions/reboot-instances.js#L8) (`RebootInstances`)
- [Release an Elastic IP address](actions/release-address.js#L8) (`ReleaseAddress`)
- [Set inbound rules for a security group](actions/authorize-security-group-ingress.js#L8) (`AuthorizeSecurityGroupIngress`)
- [Start an instance](actions/start-instances.js#L8) (`StartInstances`)
- [Stop an instance](actions/stop-instances.js#L8) (`StopInstances`)
- [Terminate an instance](actions/terminate-instances.js#L8) (`TerminateInstances`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

- [Get started with instances](scenarios/basic.js)

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html).

**Run a single action**

```bash
node ./actions/<fileName>
```

**Run a scenario**

```bash
node ./scenarios/<fileName>
```

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Amazon EC2

This example shows you how to get started using Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).

```bash
node ./hello.js
```

#### Get started with instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

- Create a key pair that is used to secure SSH communication between your computer and an EC2 instance.
- Create a security group that acts as a virtual firewall for your EC2 instances to control incoming and outgoing traffic.
- Find an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) and a compatible instance type.
- Create an instance that is created from the instance type and AMI you select, and is configured to use the security group and key pair created in this example.
- Stop and restart the instance.
- Create an Elastic IP address and associate it as a consistent IP address for your instance.
- Connect to your instance with SSH, using both its public IP address and your Elastic IP address.
- Clean up all of the resources created by this example.

<!--custom.scenarios.ec2_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.ec2_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [Amazon EC2 User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/concepts.html)
- [Amazon EC2 API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [SDK for JavaScript V3 Amazon EC2 reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/ec2/index.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
