<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-10-31 15:27:12.576171 (UTC)-->
# Auto Scaling code examples for the SDK for Rust

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Rust to work with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Auto Scaling automatically scales EC2 instances, either with scaling policies or with scheduled scaling.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Auto Scaling](src/bin/list-autoscaling-groups.rs#L24) (`DescribeAutoScalingGroups`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a group](src/bin/create-autoscaling-group.rs#L32) (`CreateAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Delete a group](src/bin/delete-autoscaling-group.rs#L32) (`DeleteAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Disable metrics collection for a group](src/scenario.rs#L620) (`DisableMetricsCollection`)
* [Enable metrics collection for a group](src/scenario.rs#L297) (`EnableMetricsCollection`)
* [Get information about groups](src/bin/list-autoscaling-groups.rs#L24) (`DescribeAutoScalingGroups`)
* [Get information about instances](src/scenario.rs#L535) (`DescribeAutoScalingInstances`)
* [Get information about scaling activities](src/scenario.rs#L402) (`DescribeScalingActivities`)
* [Set the desired capacity of a group](src/scenario.rs#L598) (`SetDesiredCapacity`)
* [Terminate an instance in a group](src/scenario.rs#L657) (`TerminateInstanceInAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Update a group](src/bin/update-autoscaling-group.rs#L32) (`UpdateAutoScalingGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Manage groups and instances](rust_dev_preview/examples/auto-scaling/Cargo.toml)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Auto Scaling

This example shows you how to get started using Auto Scaling.



#### Manage groups and instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a launch template and Availability Zones, and get information about running instances.
* Enable Amazon CloudWatch metrics collection.
* Update the group's desired capacity and wait for an instance to start.
* Terminate an instance in the group.
* List scaling activities that occur in response to user requests and capacity changes.
* Get statistics for CloudWatch metrics, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Auto Scaling User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/what-is-amazon-ec2-auto-scaling.html)
* [Auto Scaling API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Rust Auto Scaling reference](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-auto-scaling/latest/aws_sdk_auto-scaling/)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0