<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-05 18:23:59.987039 (UTC)-->
# Amazon S3 code examples for the SDK for Ruby

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Ruby to work with Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).

*Amazon S3 is storage for the internet. You can use Amazon S3 to store and retrieve any amount of data at any time, from anywhere on the web.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples
### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Add CORS rules to a bucket](bucket_cors.rb#L34) (`PutBucketCors`)
* [Add a policy to a bucket](bucket_policy.rb#L36) (`PutBucketPolicy`)
* [Copy an object from one bucket to another](object_copy.rb#L8) (`CopyObject`)
* [Create a bucket](bucket_create.rb#L8) (`CreateBucket`)
* [Delete CORS rules from a bucket](bucket_cors.rb#L60) (`DeleteBucketCors`)
* [Delete a policy from a bucket](bucket_policy.rb#L48) (`DeleteBucketPolicy`)
* [Delete an empty bucket](scenario_getting_started.rb#L125) (`DeleteBucket`)
* [Delete multiple objects](scenario_getting_started.rb#L124) (`DeleteObjects`)
* [Determine the existence and content type of an object](object_exists.rb#L8) (`HeadObject`)
* [Get CORS rules for a bucket](bucket_cors.rb#L22) (`GetBucketCors`)
* [Get an object from a bucket](object_get.rb#L8) (`GetObject`)
* [Get the policy for a bucket](bucket_policy.rb#L23) (`GetBucketPolicy`)
* [List buckets](bucket_list.rb#L8) (`ListBuckets`)
* [List objects in a bucket](bucket_list_objects.rb#L8) (`ListObjects`)
* [Set the website configuration for a bucket](bucket_put_website.rb#L8) (`PutBucketWebsite`)
* [Upload an object to a bucket](object_upload_file.rb#L8) (`PutObject`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Create a presigned URL](object_presigned_url_upload.rb) 
* [Get started with buckets and objects](scenario_getting_started.rb) 

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `ruby` folder.


### Instructions

The easiest way to interact with this example code is by invoking a [Scenario](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/ruby/example_code/s3#Scenarios) from your command line. For example, `ruby some_scenario.rb`.

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `ruby` folder.


## Additional resources

* [Amazon S3 User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon S3 API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Ruby Amazon S3 reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/api/Aws/S3.html)

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0