<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-05-11 18:17:22.642704 (UTC)-->
# Amazon Polly code examples for the SDK for Ruby

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Ruby to work with Amazon Polly.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon Polly is a Text-to-Speech (TTS) cloud service that converts text into lifelike speech.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `ruby` folder.

### Single actions
Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Describe voices](./polly_describe_voices.rb) (`DescribeVoices`)

* [List lexicons](./polly_list_lexicons.rb) (`ListLexicons`)

* [Synthesize speech](./polly_synthesize_speech.rb) (`SynthesizeSpeech`)

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
The quickest way to interact with this example code is to invoke a [Single Action](#single-actions) from your command line. For example, `ruby some_example.rb` will invoke `some_example.rb`.
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `ruby` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->

## Contribute
Code examples thrive on community contribution.

To learn more about the contributing process, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources
<!--custom.resources.start-->
* [More Ruby Amazon Polly code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/developer-guide/polly-examples.html)
* [SDK for Ruby Developer Guide](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/language/ruby/)
* [SDK for Ruby Amazon Polly Module](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/api/Aws/Polly.html)
* [Amazon Polly Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/what-is.html)
* [Amazon Polly API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/API_Reference.html)
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
