<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-05-02 20:55:26.132759 (UTC)-->
# IAM code examples for the SDK for PHP

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for PHP to work with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*IAM is a web service for securely controlling access to AWS services. With IAM, you can centrally manage permissions in your AWS account.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `php` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Attach a policy to a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`AttachRolePolicy`)
* [Create a policy](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`CreatePolicy`)
* [Create a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`CreateRole`)
* [Create a service-linked role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`CreateServiceLinkedRole`)
* [Create a user](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`CreateUser`)
* [Get a policy](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`GetPolicy`)
* [Get a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`GetRole`)
* [Get the account password policy](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`GetAccountPasswordPolicy`)
* [List SAML providers](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListSAMLProviders`)
* [List groups](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListGroups`)
* [List inline policies for a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListRolePolicies`)
* [List policies](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListPolicies`)
* [List policies attached to a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListAttachedRolePolicies`)
* [List roles](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListRoles`)
* [List users](GettingStartedWithIAM.php#L45) (`ListUsers`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Create a user and assume a role](GettingStartedWithIAM.php) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
Run the example with the following command:
`php GettingStartedWithIAM.php`
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



#### Create a user and assume a role

This example shows you how to create a user and assume a role. 

* Create a user with no permissions.
* Create a role that grants permission to list Amazon S3 buckets for the account.
* Add a policy to let the user assume the role.
* Assume the role and list S3 buckets using temporary credentials, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `php` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [IAM User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html)
* [IAM API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/APIReference/welcome.html)
* [SDK for PHP IAM reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-sdk-php/v3/api/namespace-Aws.Iam.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
