<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-26 20:33:02.687892 (UTC)-->
# Auto Scaling code examples for the SDK for PHP

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for PHP to work with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Auto Scaling automatically scales EC2 instances, either with scaling policies or with scheduled scaling.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
- You must have an AWS account, and have your default credentials and AWS Region configured as described in
  the [AWS Tools and SDKs Shared Configuration and Credentials Reference Guide]
  (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/credref/latest/refdocs/creds-config-files.html).
- PHP 7.1 or later.
- Composer installed.
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a group](GettingStartedWithAutoScaling.php#L244) (`CreateAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Delete a group](AutoScalingService.php#L62) (`DeleteAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Disable metrics collection for a group](AutoScalingService.php#L177) (`DisableMetricsCollection`)
* [Enable metrics collection for a group](AutoScalingService.php#L167) (`EnableMetricsCollection`)
* [Get information about groups](AutoScalingService.php#L72) (`DescribeAutoScalingGroups`)
* [Get information about instances](AutoScalingService.php#L149) (`DescribeAutoScalingInstances`)
* [Get information about scaling activities](AutoScalingService.php#L158) (`DescribeScalingActivities`)
* [Set the desired capacity of a group](AutoScalingService.php#L139) (`SetDesiredCapacity`)
* [Terminate an instance in a group](AutoScalingService.php#L86) (`TerminateInstanceInAutoScalingGroup`)
* [Update a group](AutoScalingService.php#L43) (`UpdateAutoScalingGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Manage groups and instances](GettingStartedWithAutoScaling.php) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
From the `aws-doc-sdk-examples/php/auto-scaling/` directory:

Install dependencies by using Composer:

```
composer install
```

After your Composer dependencies are installed, you can run the example with the
following command:

```
php Runner.php
```
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



#### Manage groups and instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a launch template and Availability Zones, and get information about running instances.
* Enable Amazon CloudWatch metrics collection.
* Update the group's desired capacity and wait for an instance to start.
* Terminate an instance in the group.
* List scaling activities that occur in response to user requests and capacity changes.
* Get statistics for CloudWatch metrics, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.end-->

<!--custom.scenarios.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.auto-scaling_Scenario_GroupsAndInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

From the `aws-doc-sdk-examples/php/auto-scaling/` directory:

<!--custom.tests.start-->
Install dependencies by using Composer:

```
composer install
```
Run the tests with the following command:
```
../vendor/bin/phpunit AutoScalingBasicsTests.php
```

<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Auto Scaling User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/what-is-amazon-ec2-auto-scaling.html)
* [Auto Scaling API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for PHP Auto Scaling reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-sdk-php/v3/api/namespace-Aws.Auto-scaling.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0