<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-06-06 21:26:14.231755 (UTC)-->
# Amazon RDS Data Service code examples for the SDK for Rust

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Rust to work with Amazon Relational Database Service Data Service.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon RDS Data Service provides an HTTP endpoint to run SQL statements on an Amazon Aurora Serverless v1 DB cluster.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `rustv1` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Run an SQL statement](src/bin/rdsdata-helloworld.rs#L36) (`ExecuteStatement`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `rustv1` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon RDS Data Service User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon RDS Data Service API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rdsdataservice/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Rust Amazon RDS Data Service reference](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-rds-data/latest/aws_sdk_rds-data/)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0