swift/README.md, before:

# AWS SDK for Swift code examples 

## Purpose

These examples demonstrate how to use the AWS SDK for Swift to access and use
Amazon Web Services from your projects.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have configured your default credentials and
AWS Region as described in the [Getting started
section](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-swift/latest/developer-guide/getting-started.html)
of the _AWS SDK for Swift Developer Guide_.

## Running the code

See the individual readme files in each service directory for information about specific code examples for that service.

## Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

## For more information

* [AWS SDK for Swift Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-swift/latest/developer-guide): The documentation for the AWS SDK for Swift
* [AWS SDK for Swift project on
  GitHub](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-swift): Contribute to the AWS SDK
  for Swift
* [The Swift Programming Language](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book): The
  definitive reference and guide for Swift programmers

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Standardize Swift language level README
Update the Swift language-level readme file to match the language-level README template.

swift/README.md, after:

# AWS SDK for Swift code examples
## Overview
The code examples in this topic show you how to use the AWS SDK for Swift with AWS.

The AWS SDK for Swift provides a Swift API for AWS infrastructure services. Using the SDK, you can build applications on top of Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, Amazon DynamoDB, and more.

## Types of code examples
* **Single-service actions** - Code examples that show you how to call individual service functions.

* **Single-service scenarios** - Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple functions within the same service.

* **Cross-service examples** - Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

Single-service actions and scenarios are organized by AWS service in the
[example_code](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/swift/example_code/)
directory. A README in each folder lists and describes how to run the examples.

Cross-service examples are located in the [cross_service](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/swift/cross_service/)
directory. A README in each folder describes how to run the example.

## ⚠️ Important
* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. 
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
*  We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege). 
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

### Prerequisites
You must have an AWS account, and have configured your default credentials and
AWS Region as described in the [Getting started
section](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-swift/latest/developer-guide/getting-started.html)
of the _AWS SDK for Swift Developer Guide_.

## Tests
**Note**: Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To run the tests for an example, use the command `swift test` in the example's directory.

## Additional resources
* [AWS SDK for Swift Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-swift/latest/developer-guide): The documentation for the AWS SDK for Swift
* [AWS SDK for Swift project on
  GitHub](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-swift): Contribute to the AWS SDK
  for Swift
* [The Swift Programming Language](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book): The
  definitive reference and guide for Swift programmers

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
