<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-19 15:20:25.908088 (UTC)-->
# Lambda code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with AWS Lambda.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Lambda allows you to run code without provisioning or managing servers.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Lambda](hello/hello.go#L4) (`ListFunctions`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a function](actions/functions.go#L47) (`CreateFunction`)
* [Delete a function](actions/functions.go#L155) (`DeleteFunction`)
* [Get a function](actions/functions.go#L29) (`GetFunction`)
* [Invoke a function](actions/functions.go#L169) (`Invoke`)
* [List functions](actions/functions.go#L134) (`ListFunctions`)
* [Update function code](actions/functions.go#L90) (`UpdateFunctionCode`)
* [Update function configuration](actions/functions.go#L118) (`UpdateFunctionConfiguration`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with functions](scenarios/scenario_get_started_functions.go) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Lambda

This example shows you how to get started using Lambda.

```
go run ./hello
```

#### Run a scenario

All scenarios can be run with the `cmd` runner. To get a list of scenarios
and to get help for running a scenario, use the following command:

```
go run ./cmd -h
```

#### Get started with functions

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create an IAM role and Lambda function, then upload handler code.
* Invoke the function with a single parameter and get results.
* Update the function code and configure with an environment variable.
* Invoke the function with new parameters and get results. Display the returned execution log.
* List the functions for your account, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.end-->

<!--custom.scenarios.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Lambda Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/welcome.html)
* [Lambda API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_Reference.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 Lambda reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/lambda)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0