<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-19 10:45:12.299668 (UTC)-->
# AWS Glue code examples for the SDK for Java 2.x

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Java 2.x to work with AWS Glue.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*AWS Glue is a scalable, serverless data integration service that makes it easy to discover, prepare, and combine data for analytics, machine learning, and application development.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javav2` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a crawler](src/main/java/com/example/glue/CreateCrawler.java#L65) (`CreateCrawler`)
* [Get a crawler](src/main/java/com/example/glue/GetCrawler.java#L58) (`GetCrawler`)
* [Get a database from the Data Catalog](src/main/java/com/example/glue/GetDatabase.java#L57) (`GetDatabase`)
* [Get tables from a database](src/main/java/com/example/glue/GetTable.java#L59) (`GetTables`)
* [Start a crawler](src/main/java/com/example/glue/StartCrawler.java#L52) (`StartCrawler`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with crawlers and jobs](src/main/java/com/example/glue/GlueScenario.java) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



#### Get started with crawlers and jobs

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a crawler that crawls a public Amazon S3 bucket and generates a database of CSV-formatted metadata.
* List information about databases and tables in your AWS Glue Data Catalog.
* Create a job to extract CSV data from the S3 bucket, transform the data, and load JSON-formatted output into another S3 bucket.
* List information about job runs, view transformed data, and clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.glue_Scenario_GetStartedCrawlersJobs.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.glue_Scenario_GetStartedCrawlersJobs.end-->

<!--custom.scenarios.glue_Scenario_GetStartedCrawlersJobs.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.glue_Scenario_GetStartedCrawlersJobs.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javav2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [AWS Glue Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/what-is-glue.html)
* [AWS Glue API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/aws-glue-api.html)
* [SDK for Java 2.x AWS Glue reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/java/api/latest/software/amazon/awssdk/services/glue/package-summary.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0