<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-06 00:54:39.659924 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SNS code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SNS is a web service that enables applications, end-users, and devices to instantly send and receive notifications from the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a topic](CreateTopic/CreateTopicv2.go#L3) (`CreateTopic`)
* [List the subscribers of a topic](ListSubscriptions/ListSubscriptionsv2.go#L3) (`ListSubscriptions`)
* [List topics](ListTopics/ListTopicsv2.go#L3) (`ListTopics`)
* [Publish to a topic](Publish/Publishv2.go#L3) (`Publish`)
* [Subscribe an email address to a topic](Subscribe/Subscribev2.go#L3) (`Subscribe`)

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->


#### Run an action

All actions can be run at a command prompt. To get instructions for a specific
example, pass the `-h` flag. For example:

```
go run ./CreateTopic -h
```

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SNS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/welcome.html)
* [Amazon SNS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/welcome.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 Amazon SNS reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sns)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0