<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-05 00:19:43.847799 (UTC)-->
# Amazon S3 code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon S3 is storage for the internet. You can use Amazon S3 to store and retrieve any amount of data at any time, from anywhere on the web.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Get started

* [Hello Amazon S3](hello/hello.go#L4) (`ListBuckets`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Copy an object from one bucket to another](actions/bucket_basics.go#L202) (`CopyObject`)
* [Create a bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L81) (`CreateBucket`)
* [Delete an empty bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L258) (`DeleteBucket`)
* [Delete multiple objects](actions/bucket_basics.go#L238) (`DeleteObjects`)
* [Determine the existence of a bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L51) (`HeadBucket`)
* [Get an object from a bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L149) (`GetObject`)
* [List buckets](actions/bucket_basics.go#L35) (`ListBuckets`)
* [List objects in a bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L220) (`ListObjects`)
* [Upload an object to a bucket](actions/bucket_basics.go#L100) (`PutObject`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Create a presigned URL](actions/presigner.go) 
* [Get started with buckets and objects](actions/bucket_basics.go) 
* [Upload or download large files](actions/bucket_basics.go) 

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Amazon S3

This example shows you how to get started using Amazon S3.

```
go run ./hello
```

#### Run a scenario

All scenarios can be run with the `cmd` runner. To get a list of scenarios
and to get help for running a scenario, use the following command:

```
go run ./cmd -h
```

#### Create a presigned URL

This example shows you how to create a presigned URL for Amazon S3 and upload an object.


<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_PresignedUrl.start-->
```
go run ./cmd -scenario presigning
```
<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_PresignedUrl.end-->

#### Get started with buckets and objects

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a bucket and upload a file to it.
* Download an object from a bucket.
* Copy an object to a subfolder in a bucket.
* List the objects in a bucket.
* Delete the bucket objects and the bucket.

<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_GettingStarted.start-->
```
go run ./cmd -scenario getstarted
```
<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_GettingStarted.end-->

#### Upload or download large files

This example shows you how to upload or download large files to and from Amazon S3.


<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_UsingLargeFiles.start-->
Large files are included as part of the `getstarted` scenario.

```
go run ./cmd -scenario getstarted
```
<!--custom.scenarios.s3_Scenario_UsingLargeFiles.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon S3 User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon S3 API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 Amazon S3 reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/s3)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0