gov2/s3/README.md, before:

# AWS SDK for Go V2 code examples for Amazon S3

## Purpose

These examples demonstrates how to perform several Amazon Simple Storage Service 
(Amazon S3) operations using version 2 of the AWS SDK for Go.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have your default credentials and AWS Region
configured as described in
[Configuring the AWS SDK for Go](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html)
in the AWS SDK for Go Developer Guide.

## Running the code

### CopyObject/CopyObjectv2.go

This example copies an Amazon S3 object from one bucket to another.

`go run CopyObjectv2.go -s SOURCE -d DESTINATION -o OBJECT`

- _SOURCE_ is the name of the bucket containing the item to copy.
- _DESTINATION_ is the name of the bucket to which the item is copied.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object to copy.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### CreateBucket/CreateBucketv2.go

This example creates an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run CreateBucketv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to create.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### DeleteBucket/DeleteBucketv2.go

This example deletes an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run DeleteBucketv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to delete.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### DeleteObject/DeleteObjectv2.go

This example deletes an Amazon S3 bucket object.

`go run DeleteObjectv2.go -b BUCKET -o OBJECT`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket containing the item to delete.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object to delete.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### GetBucketAcl/GetBucketAclv2.go

This example retrieves the access control list (ACL) for an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run GetBucketAclv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket for which the ACL is retrieved.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### GetObjectAcl/GetObjectAclv2.go

This example retrieves the access control list (ACL) for an Amazon S3 bucket object.

`go run GetObjectAclv2.go -b BUCKET -o OBJECT`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket containing the item.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object for which the ACL is retrieved.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### ListBuckets/ListBucketsv2.go

This example lists your Amazon S3 buckets.

`go run ListBucketsv2.go`

### ListObjects/ListObjectsv2.go

This example lists the objects in an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run ListObjectsv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket for which the objects are listed.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### PutObject/PutObjectv2.go

This example creates an Amazon S3 bucket object from a local file.

`go run PutObjectv2.go -b BUCKET -f FILE`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to which the file is uploaded.
- _FILE_ is the name of the local file to upload.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

## Running the unit tests

Unit tests should delete any resources they create.
However, they might result in charges to your
AWS account.

To run a unit test, enter:

`go test`

You should see something like the following,
where PATH is the path to the folder containing the Go files:

```sh
PASS
ok      PATH 6.593s
```

If you want to see any log messages, enter:

`go test -v`

You should see some additional log messages.
The last two lines should be similar to the previous output shown.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Added readme to new example of retrieving a pre-signed URL for an S3 bucket object in go v2

gov2/s3/README.md, after:

# AWS SDK for Go V2 code examples for Amazon S3

## Purpose

These examples demonstrates how to perform several Amazon Simple Storage Service 
(Amazon S3) operations using version 2 of the AWS SDK for Go.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have your default credentials and AWS Region
configured as described in
[Configuring the AWS SDK for Go](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html)
in the AWS SDK for Go Developer Guide.

## Running the code

### CopyObject/CopyObjectv2.go

This example copies an Amazon S3 object from one bucket to another.

`go run CopyObjectv2.go -s SOURCE -d DESTINATION -o OBJECT`

- _SOURCE_ is the name of the bucket containing the item to copy.
- _DESTINATION_ is the name of the bucket to which the item is copied.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object to copy.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### CreateBucket/CreateBucketv2.go

This example creates an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run CreateBucketv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to create.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### DeleteBucket/DeleteBucketv2.go

This example deletes an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run DeleteBucketv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to delete.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### DeleteObject/DeleteObjectv2.go

This example deletes an Amazon S3 bucket object.

`go run DeleteObjectv2.go -b BUCKET -o OBJECT`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket containing the item to delete.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object to delete.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### GeneratePresignedURL/GeneratePresignedURLv2.go

This example retrieves a presigned URL for an Amazon S3 bucket object.

`go run GeneratePresignedURLv2.go -b BUCKET -k KEY`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket.
- _KEY_ is the name of the object (key).

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### GetBucketAcl/GetBucketAclv2.go

This example retrieves the access control list (ACL) for an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run GetBucketAclv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket for which the ACL is retrieved.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### GetObjectAcl/GetObjectAclv2.go

This example retrieves the access control list (ACL) for an Amazon S3 bucket object.

`go run GetObjectAclv2.go -b BUCKET -o OBJECT`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket containing the item.
- _OBJECT_ is the name of the object for which the ACL is retrieved.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### ListBuckets/ListBucketsv2.go

This example lists your Amazon S3 buckets.

`go run ListBucketsv2.go`

### ListObjects/ListObjectsv2.go

This example lists the objects in an Amazon S3 bucket.

`go run ListObjectsv2.go -b BUCKET`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket for which the objects are listed.

The unit test accepts a similar value in _config.json_.

### PutObject/PutObjectv2.go

This example creates an Amazon S3 bucket object from a local file.

`go run PutObjectv2.go -b BUCKET -f FILE`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket to which the file is uploaded.
- _FILE_ is the name of the local file to upload.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

## Running the unit tests

Unit tests should delete any resources they create.
However, they might result in charges to your
AWS account.

To run a unit test, enter:

`go test`

You should see something like the following,
where PATH is the path to the folder containing the Go files:

```sh
PASS
ok      PATH 6.593s
```

If you want to see any log messages, enter:

`go test -v`

You should see some additional log messages.
The last two lines should be similar to the previous output shown.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
