<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-03-07 15:33:01.600488 (UTC)-->
# EventBridge code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon EventBridge.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*EventBridge is a serverless event bus service that makes it easy to connect your applications with data from a variety of sources.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Get started

* [Hello EventBridge](Actions/HelloEventBridge.cs#L4) (`ListEventBuses`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Add a target](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L349) (`PutTargets`)
* [Create a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L168) (`PutRule`)
* [Delete a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L435) (`DeleteRule`)
* [Describe a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L35) (`DescribeRule`)
* [Disable a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L71) (`DisableRule`)
* [Enable a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L54) (`EnableRule`)
* [List rule names for a target](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L142) (`ListRuleNamesByTarget`)
* [List rules](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L89) (`ListRules`)
* [List targets for a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L116) (`ListTargetsByRule`)
* [Remove targets from a rule](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L393) (`RemoveTargets`)
* [Send events](Actions/EventBridgeWrapper.cs#L292) (`PutEvents`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with rules and targets](Scenarios/EventBridgeScenario.cs) 

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello EventBridge

This example shows you how to get started using EventBridge.


#### Get started with rules and targets

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a rule.
* Add a target to a rule.
* Enable and disable rules.
* List rules and targets.
* Update rules and targets.
* Send events.
* Delete the rule.

<!--custom.scenarios.eventbridge_Scenario_GettingStarted.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.eventbridge_Scenario_GettingStarted.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [EventBridge User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is.html)
* [EventBridge API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET EventBridge reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/Eventbridge/NEventbridge.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0