<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-11-20 14:57:46.985711 (UTC)-->

# Amazon RDS code examples for the SDK for Kotlin

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Kotlin to work with Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `kotlin` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Create a DB instance](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/CreateDBInstance.kt#L61) (`CreateDBInstance`)

* [Create an Amazon RDS snapshot](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/kotlin/services/rds/src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/CreateDBSnapshot.kt) (createDBSnapshot command)

- [Delete a DB instance](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/DeleteDBInstance.kt#L44) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
- [Describe DB instances](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/DescribeDBInstances.kt#L27) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
- [Modify a DB instance](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/ModifyDBInstance.kt#L46) (`ModifyDBInstance`)
- [Retrieve attributes](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/DescribeAccountAttributes.kt#L28) (`DescribeAccountAttributes`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

- [Get started with DB instances](src/main/kotlin/com/kotlin/rds/RDSScenario.kt)

## Run the examples

### Instructions

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Get started with DB instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

- Create a custom DB parameter group and set parameter values.
- Create a DB instance that's configured to use the parameter group. The DB instance also contains a database.
- Take a snapshot of the instance.
- Delete the instance and parameter group.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `kotlin` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->

You can test the Kotlin code examples for Amazon RDS by running a test file named **RDSTest**. This file uses JUnit 5 to run the JUnit tests and is located in the **src/test/kotlin** folder. For more information, see [https://junit.org/junit5/](https://junit.org/junit5/).

You can run the JUnit tests from a Java IDE, such as IntelliJ, or from the command line by using Maven. As each test runs, you can view messages that inform you if the various tests succeed or fail. For example, the following message informs you that Test 3 passed.

    Test 3 passed

### Properties file

Before running the Amazon RDS JUnit tests, you must define values in the **config.properties** file located in the **resources** folder. This file contains values that are required to run the JUnit tests. For example, you define a **dbInstance** identifier value used in the tests. If you do not define all values, the JUnit tests fail.

Define these values to successfully run the JUnit tests:

- **dbInstanceIdentifier** - The database instance identifier.
- **dbSnapshotIdentifier** - The snapshot identifier.
- **dbName** - The database name.
- **masterUsername** - The user name.
- **masterUserPassword** - The password that corresponds to the user name.
- **newMasterUserPassword** - The updated password that corresponds to the user name.
- **dbGroupNameSc** - The database group name used in the scenario test.
- **dbParameterGroupFamilySc** - The database parameter group name used in the scenario test (such as mysql8.0).
- **dbInstanceIdentifierSc** - The database instance identifier used in the scenario test.
- **dbNameSc** - The database name used in the scenario test.
- **masterUsernameSc** - The user name used in the scenario test.
- **masterUserPasswordSc** - The password that corresponds to the user name used in the scenario test.
- **dbSnapshotIdentifierSc** - The snapshot identifier used in the scenario test.

### Command line

To run the JUnit tests from the command line, you can use the following command.

    	mvn test

You will see output from the JUnit tests, as shown here.

    [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
    [INFO]  T E S T S
    [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
    [INFO] Running Tests
    Test 1 passed
    Test 2 passed
    ...
    Done!
    [INFO] Results:
    [INFO]
    [INFO] Tests run: 8, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0
    [INFO]
    INFO] --------------------------------------------
    [INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
    [INFO]--------------------------------------------
    [INFO] Total time:  12.003 s
    [INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:25:08-05:00
    [INFO] --------------------------------------------

### Unsuccessful tests

If you do not define the correct values in the properties file, your JUnit tests are not successful. You will see an error message such as the following. You need to double-check the values that you set in the properties file and run the tests again.

    [INFO]
    [INFO] --------------------------------------
    [INFO] BUILD FAILURE
    [INFO] --------------------------------------
    [INFO] Total time:  19.038 s
    [INFO] Finished at: 2020-02-10T14:41:51-05:00
    [INFO] ---------------------------------------
    [ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-surefire-plugin:2.22.1:test (default-test) on project AmazonRedshiftServiceIntegrationTest:  There are test failures.
    [ERROR];

<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [Amazon RDS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html)
- [Amazon RDS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [SDK for Kotlin Amazon RDS reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/kotlin/api/latest/rds/index.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
