<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-06-19 23:25:23.672448 (UTC)-->
# Aurora code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with Amazon Aurora.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Aurora is a fully managed relational database engine that's built for the cloud and compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. Amazon Aurora is part of Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS).*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Aurora](hello/hello.go#L4) (`DescribeDBClusters`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a DB cluster](actions/clusters.go#L158) (`CreateDBCluster`)
* [Create a DB cluster parameter group](actions/clusters.go#L45) (`CreateDBClusterParameterGroup`)
* [Create a DB cluster snapshot](actions/clusters.go#L204) (`CreateDBClusterSnapshot`)
* [Create a DB instance in a DB cluster](actions/clusters.go#L241) (`CreateDBInstance`)
* [Delete a DB cluster](actions/clusters.go#L186) (`DeleteDBCluster`)
* [Delete a DB cluster parameter group](actions/clusters.go#L69) (`DeleteDBClusterParameterGroup`)
* [Delete a DB instance](actions/clusters.go#L288) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
* [Describe DB cluster parameter groups](actions/clusters.go#L21) (`DescribeDBClusterParameterGroups`)
* [Describe DB cluster snapshots](actions/clusters.go#L223) (`DescribeDBClusterSnapshots`)
* [Describe DB clusters](actions/clusters.go#L134) (`DescribeDBClusters`)
* [Describe DB instances](actions/clusters.go#L263) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
* [Describe database engine versions](actions/clusters.go#L307) (`DescribeDBEngineVersions`)
* [Describe options for DB instances](actions/clusters.go#L328) (`DescribeOrderableDBInstanceOptions`)
* [Describe parameters from a DB cluster parameter group](actions/clusters.go#L87) (`DescribeDBClusterParameters`)
* [Update parameters in a DB cluster parameter group](actions/clusters.go#L115) (`ModifyDBClusterParameterGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with DB clusters](scenarios/get_started_clusters.go) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Aurora

This example shows you how to get started using Aurora.

```
go run ./hello
```

#### Run a scenario

All scenarios can be run with the `cmd` runner. To get a list of scenarios
and to get help for running a scenario, use the following command:

```
go run ./cmd -h
```

#### Get started with DB clusters

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a custom Aurora DB cluster parameter group and set parameter values.
* Create a DB cluster that uses the parameter group.
* Create a DB instance that contains a database.
* Take a snapshot of the DB cluster, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Aurora User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/CHAP_AuroraOverview.html)
* [Aurora API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 Aurora reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/rds)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0