<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-25 16:10:05.684593 (UTC)-->
# Route 53 Domain Registration code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Route 53 Domain Registration.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Route 53 Domain Registration is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Route 53 Domain Registration](Actions/HelloRoute53.cs#L11) (`ListPrices`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Check domain availability](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L42) (`CheckDomainAvailability`)
* [Check domain transferability](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L61) (`CheckDomainTransferability`)
* [Get domain details](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L249) (`GetDomainDetail`)
* [Get operation details](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L103) (`GetOperationDetail`)
* [Get suggested domain names](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L80) (`GetDomainSuggestions`)
* [List domain prices](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L22) (`ListPrices`)
* [List domains](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L204) (`ListDomains`)
* [List operations](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L225) (`ListOperations`)
* [Register a domain](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L138) (`RegisterDomain`)
* [View billing](Actions/Route53Wrapper.cs#L177) (`ViewBilling`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with domains](Scenarios/Route53DomainScenario.cs) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the [README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively, add a settings.local.json file with
your local settings, which will be loaded automatically when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```
Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Route 53 Domain Registration

This example shows you how to get started using Route 53 Domain Registration.



#### Get started with domains

This example shows you how to do the following:

* List current domains, and list operations in the past year.
* View billing for the past year, and view prices for domain types.
* Get domain suggestions.
* Check domain availability and transferability.
* Optionally, request a domain registration.
* Get an operation detail.
* Optionally, get a domain detail.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.route-53_Scenario_GetStartedRoute53Domains.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.route-53_Scenario_GetStartedRoute53Domains.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.route-53_Scenario_GetStartedRoute53Domains.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.route-53_Scenario_GetStartedRoute53Domains.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Route 53 Domain Registration Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/Welcome.html)
* [Route 53 Domain Registration API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_Operations_Amazon_Route_53_Domains.html)
* [SDK for .NET Route 53 Domain Registration reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/Route53Domains/NRoute53Domains.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0