<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-05-10 20:55:00.534179 (UTC)-->
# Amazon EC2 code examples for the SDK for Ruby

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Ruby to work with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon EC2 is a web service that provides resizable computing capacity—literally, servers in Amazon's data centers—that you use to build and host your software systems.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `ruby` folder.



<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
The quickest way to interact with this example code is to invoke a [Scenario](#Scenarios) from your command line. For example, `ruby some_scenario.rb` will invoke `some_scenario.rb`.

<!--custom.instructions.end-->


### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `ruby` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
The example code in this directory is not currently tested.

## Contribute
Code examples thrive on community contribution.

To learn more about the contributing process, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon EC2 User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/concepts.html)
* [Amazon EC2 API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
<!--custom.resources.start-->
[SDK for Ruby Amazon EC2 reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/developer-guide/ec2-examples.html)
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0