<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-06-28 22:20:08.375942 (UTC)-->
# Amazon RDS code examples for the SDK for Go V2

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Go V2 to work with Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `gov2` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Amazon RDS](hello/hello.go#L4) (`DescribeDBInstances`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a DB instance](actions/instances.go#L172) (`CreateDBInstance`)
* [Create a DB parameter group](actions/instances.go#L46) (`CreateDBParameterGroup`)
* [Create a snapshot of a DB instance](actions/instances.go#L135) (`CreateDBSnapshot`)
* [Delete a DB instance](actions/instances.go#L226) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
* [Delete a DB parameter group](actions/instances.go#L70) (`DeleteDBParameterGroup`)
* [Describe DB instances](actions/instances.go#L201) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
* [Describe DB parameter groups](actions/instances.go#L21) (`DescribeDBParameterGroups`)
* [Describe database engine versions](actions/instances.go#L245) (`DescribeDBEngineVersions`)
* [Describe options for DB instances](actions/instances.go#L266) (`DescribeOrderableDBInstanceOptions`)
* [Describe parameters in a DB parameter group](actions/instances.go#L88) (`DescribeDBParameters`)
* [Describe snapshots of DB instances](actions/instances.go#L154) (`DescribeDBSnapshots`)
* [Update parameters in a DB parameter group](actions/instances.go#L116) (`ModifyDBParameterGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with DB instances](scenarios/get_started_instances.go) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Amazon RDS

This example shows you how to get started using Amazon RDS.

```
go run ./hello
```

#### Run a scenario

All scenarios can be run with the `cmd` runner. To get a list of scenarios
and to get help for running a scenario, use the following command:

```
go run ./cmd -h
```

#### Get started with DB instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a custom DB parameter group and set parameter values.
* Create a DB instance that's configured to use the parameter group. The DB instance also contains a database.
* Take a snapshot of the instance.
* Delete the instance and parameter group.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `gov2` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon RDS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon RDS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for Go V2 Amazon RDS reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/rds)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0