javascriptv3/example_code/nodegetstarted/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for 'Node Get Started' examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) 'Node Get Started' examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

The [AWS documentation for this example](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/getting-started-nodejs.html) contains these examples.



# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-s3*.
```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/nodegetstarted
npm install
```

3. If you're using JavaScript, change the sample file extension from ```.ts``` to ```.js```.


4. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

5. Run sample code:
```
cd src
ts-node [example name].ts // e.g., ts-node sample.ts
```

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/nodegetstarted/README.md, after:

# 'Node Getting Started' JavaScript SDK v3 code examples

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) 'Node Get Started' examples. 
- Getting started using node.js with the AWS SDK for JavaScript. See [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/getting-started-nodejs.html).

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).

# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-s3*.
```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/nodegetstarted
npm install
```
3. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

4. Run sample code:
```
cd src
node [example name].js // For example, node sample.js
```

## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) 
- [AWS documentation for this example](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/getting-started-nodejs.html)
