javascriptv3/example_code/README.rst, before:

###############################
AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 examples
###############################

These are examples for the AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) public documentation.

The preview of the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 <https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3>`_ is available.

The `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/>`_ contains topics for these examples.

**NOTE:** The AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 is written in TypeScript so, for consistency, these examples are also in TypeScript. TypeScript extends of JavaScript so these examples can also be run as JavaScript. For more information, see the `TypeScript homepage <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>`_ .

**Note**: Examples for AWS SDK for JavaScript version 2 (v2) are available in the `javascript/example_code <https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/master/javascript/example_code/>`_ folder in this repo.


Prerequisites
=============

To build and run these examples, you need to:

- Set up the project environment to run these TypeScript examples with Node.js, and install the required AWS SDK for JavaScript and third-party modules. Follow the instructions in the README.md in the folder with the examples you're running; for example, `instructions for Amazon S3 examples <https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/master/javascriptv3/example_code/s3/README.md>`_.
- Create a shared configurations file with your user credentials. See the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/loading-node-credentials-shared.html>`_ for more information.

Running the examples
====================

Examples are written for either execution in a browser script or in Node.js, usually depending on the use case for each. The two scenarios typically differ in how you supply credentials to the code. For information on the differences, once it's released see the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/setting-credentials.html>`_.

To run the examples, you'll need to create a shared credentials file. For more information about how to set up a shared credentials file, once it's released
see `Loading Credentials in Node.js from the Shared Credentials File <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/loading-node-credentials-shared.html>`_
in the *AWS SDK for JavaScript Developer Guide*.

The Node.js examples are all run from the command line.

Documentation
=============

- You can find detailed documentation for the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide>`_.
- The latest version of `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/index.html>`_ is available.



Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

update s3 tests (and READMEs) (#1798)
* removing tests for refactoring

* updating s3 examples for unit tests (and READMEs)

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

* removing tests for refactoring

Co-authored-by: Irene Smith <73654695+irenepsmith@users.noreply.github.com>

javascriptv3/example_code/README.rst, after:

###############################
AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 examples
###############################

These are examples for the AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) public documentation.

Prerequisites
=============
To build and run these examples, you need to:

- Set up the project environment to run these TypeScript examples with Node.js, and install the required AWS SDK for JavaScript and third-party modules. Follow the instructions in the README.md in the folder with the examples you're running; for example, `instructions for Amazon S3 examples <https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/master/javascriptv3/example_code/s3/README.md>`_.
- Create a shared configurations file with your user credentials. See the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/loading-node-credentials-shared.html>`_ for more information.

Running the examples
====================
Examples are written for either execution in a browser script or in Node.js, usually depending on the use case for each. The two scenarios typically differ in how you supply credentials to the code. For information on the differences, see the `AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/setting-credentials.html>`_.

The Node.js examples are all run from the command line.

Unit tests
=============
`Unit tests<./tests>`_ are provided for all examples, using the `Jest <https://jestjs.io/>`_ framework.

**Note**: Jest does not currently support jest.mock in a clean way in ECMAscript 6 (ES6) syntax, the JavaScript syntax used in our code examples.
We recommend converting the code examples you want to unit test to CommonJS syntax. For guidelines to convert ES6 syntax to CommonJS syntax, see
`JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html>`_.

Resources
=============
`AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 <https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3>`_
`AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/>`_
`AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/index.html>`_

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
