<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-25 16:11:52.980850 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SQS code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SQS is a fully managed message queuing service that makes it easy to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Authorize a bucket to send messages to a queue](AuthorizeS3ToSendMessageExample/AuthorizeS3ToSendMessageExample/AuthorizeS3ToSendMessage.cs#L12) (`SendMessage`)
* [Create a queue](CreateQueueExample/CreateQueueExample/CreateQueue.cs#L11) (`CreateQueue`)
* [Delete a message from a queue](DeleteMessageExample/DeleteMessageExample/DeleteMessage.cs#L11) (`DeleteMessage`)
* [Delete a queue](DeleteQueueExample/DeleteQueueExample/DeleteQueue.cs#L11) (`DeleteQueue`)
* [Get attributes for a queue](GetQueueAttributesExample/GetQueueAttributesExample/GetQueueAttributes.cs#L11) (`GetQueueAttributes`)
* [Get the URL of a queue](GetQueueUrlExample/GetQueueUrlExample/GetQueueUrl.cs#L11) (`GetQueueUrl`)
* [Receive messages from a queue](ReceiveFromQueueExample/ReceiveFromQueueExample/ReceiveFromQueue.cs#L11) (`ReceiveMessage`)
* [Send a message to a queue](SendMessageToQueueExample/SendMessageToQueueExample/SendMessageToQueue.cs#L11) (`SendMessage`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the [README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively, add a settings.local.json file with
your local settings, which will be loaded automatically when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```
Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SQS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/welcome.html)
* [Amazon SQS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET Amazon SQS reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/SQS/NSQS.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0