javascriptv3/example_code/kinesis/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for Amazon Kinesis examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Kinesis examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

[Amazon Kinesis Example](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/kinesis-examples.html) contains these examples.

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-kinesis/index.html) contains the API operations for the AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Amazon Kinesis client module.

Amazon Kinesis makes it easy to collect, process, and analyze real-time, streaming data so you can get timely insights and react quickly to new information.



# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

1. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-kinesis*.
```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/kinesis
npm install
```
3. If you're using JavaScript, change the sample file extension from ```.ts``` to ```.js```.

4. To run this code, follow the instructions for this example in the [Capturing Web Page Scroll Progress with Amazon Kinesis](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/kinesis-examples-capturing-page-scrolling.html).

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/kinesis/README.md, after:

# Amazon Kinesis JavaScript SDK v3 code examples
Amazon Kinesis makes it easy to collect, process, and analyze real-time, streaming data so you can get timely insights and react quickly to new information.

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Kinesis examples:
- Tutorial demonstrating how to capture browser user event data and send it to Amazon Kenesis. See [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/kinesis-examples.html).

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).

## Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

1. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-kinesis*.
```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/kinesis
npm install
```
4. To run this code, follow the instructions for this example in the [Capturing Web Page Scroll Progress with Amazon Kinesis](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/kinesis-examples-capturing-page-scrolling.html).

## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) 
- [Amazon Kinesis Example](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/kinesis-examples.html) 
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-kinesis/index.html)
