<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-08-11 15:51:03.699447 (UTC)-->
# HealthImaging code examples for the Command Line Interface with Bash script

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS Command Line Interface with Bash script to work with AWS HealthImaging.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*HealthImaging is a HIPAA-eligible service that helps health care providers and their medical imaging ISV partners store, transform, and apply machine learning to medical images.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `aws-cli` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a data store](medical_imaging_operations.sh#L22) (`CreateDatastore`)
* [Delete a data store](medical_imaging_operations.sh#L267) (`DeleteDatastore`)
* [Get data store properties](medical_imaging_operations.sh#L196) (`GetDatastore`)
* [List data stores](medical_imaging_operations.sh#L91) (`ListDatastores`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `aws-cli` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [HealthImaging User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/devguide/what-is.html)
* [HealthImaging API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [Command Line Interface with Bash script HealthImaging reference](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/medical-imaging/index.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0