<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-12 00:07:51.210508 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SNS code examples for the SDK for Python

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Python (Boto3) to work with Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SNS is a web service that enables applications, end-users, and devices to instantly send and receive notifications from the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `python` folder.

Install the packages required by these examples by running the following in a virtual environment:

```
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a topic](sns_basics.py#L31) (`CreateTopic`)
* [Delete a subscription](sns_basics.py#L153) (`Unsubscribe`)
* [Delete a topic](sns_basics.py#L67) (`DeleteTopic`)
* [List the subscribers of a topic](sns_basics.py#L108) (`ListSubscriptions`)
* [List topics](sns_basics.py#L49) (`ListTopics`)
* [Publish an SMS text message](sns_basics.py#L166) (`Publish`)
* [Publish to a topic](sns_basics.py#L191) (`Publish`)
* [Set a filter policy](sns_basics.py#L131) (`SetSubscriptionAttributes`)
* [Subscribe an email address to a topic](sns_basics.py#L81) (`Subscribe`)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Create an Amazon Textract explorer application](../../cross_service/textract_explorer) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
Run this example at a command prompt with the following command.

```
python sns_basics.py
``` 
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `python` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SNS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/welcome.html)
* [Amazon SNS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/welcome.html)
* [SDK for Python Amazon SNS reference](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/sns.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0