<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-10-26 15:45:20.479520 (UTC)-->
# Amazon RDS code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Amazon RDS](Actions/HelloRDS.cs#L4) (`DescribeDBInstances`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a DB instance](Actions/RDSWrapper.Instances.cs#L100) (`CreateDBInstance`)
* [Create a DB parameter group](Actions/RDSWrapper.ParameterGroups.cs#L37) (`CreateDBParameterGroup`)
* [Create a snapshot of a DB instance](Actions/RDSWrapper.Snapshots.cs#L17) (`CreateDBSnapshot`)
* [Delete a DB instance](Actions/RDSWrapper.Instances.cs#L139) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
* [Delete a DB parameter group](Actions/RDSWrapper.ParameterGroups.cs#L85) (`DeleteDBParameterGroup`)
* [Describe DB instances](Actions/RDSWrapper.Instances.cs#L75) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
* [Describe DB parameter groups](Actions/RDSWrapper.ParameterGroups.cs#L18) (`DescribeDBParameterGroups`)
* [Describe database engine versions](Actions/RDSWrapper.Instances.cs#L24) (`DescribeDBEngineVersions`)
* [Describe options for DB instances](Actions/RDSWrapper.Instances.cs#L46) (`DescribeOrderableDBInstanceOptions`)
* [Describe parameters in a DB parameter group](Actions/RDSWrapper.ParameterGroups.cs#L105) (`DescribeDBParameters`)
* [Describe snapshots of DB instances](Actions/RDSWrapper.Snapshots.cs#L39) (`DescribeDBSnapshots`)
* [Update parameters in a DB parameter group](Actions/RDSWrapper.ParameterGroups.cs#L62) (`ModifyDBParameterGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with DB instances](Scenarios/RDSInstanceScenario/RDSInstanceScenario.cs)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Create an Aurora Serverless work item tracker](../cross_service/AuroraItemTracker)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the
[README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively,
add a settings.local.json file with your local settings, which will be loaded automatically
when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```

Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Amazon RDS

This example shows you how to get started using Amazon RDS.



#### Get started with DB instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a custom DB parameter group and set parameter values.
* Create a DB instance that's configured to use the parameter group. The DB instance also contains a database.
* Take a snapshot of the instance.
* Delete the instance and parameter group.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon RDS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon RDS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET Amazon RDS reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/RDS/NRDS.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0