<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-26 14:03:36.866384 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SNS code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SNS is a web service that enables applications, end-users, and devices to instantly send and receive notifications from the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Check whether a phone number is opted out](IsPhoneNumOptedOutExample/IsPhoneNumOptedOutExample/IsPhoneNumOptedOut.cs#L6) (`CheckIfPhoneNumberIsOptedOut`)
* [Create a topic](CreateSNSTopicExample/CreateSNSTopicExample/CreateSNSTopic.cs#L6) (`CreateTopic`)
* [Delete a subscription](ManageTopicSubscriptionExample/ManageTopicSubscriptionExample/ManageTopicSubscription.cs#L68) (`Unsubscribe`)
* [Delete a topic](DeleteSNSTopicExample/DeleteSNSTopicExample/DeleteSNSTopic.cs#L6) (`DeleteTopic`)
* [Get the properties of a topic](GetTopicAttributesExample/GetTopicAttributesExample/GetTopicAttributes.cs#L6) (`GetTopicAttributes`)
* [List the subscribers of a topic](ListSNSSubscriptionsExample/ListSNSSubscriptionsExample/ListSubscriptions.cs#L6) (`ListSubscriptions`)
* [List topics](ListSNSTopicsExample/ListSNSTopicsExample/ListSNSTopics.cs#L6) (`ListTopics`)
* [Publish an SMS text message](SNSMessageExample/SNSMessageExample/SNSMessage.cs#L4) (`Publish`)
* [Publish to a topic](PublishToSNSTopicExample/PublishToSNSTopicExample/PublishToSNSTopic.cs#L6) (`Publish`)
* [Subscribe an email address to a topic](ManageTopicSubscriptionExample/ManageTopicSubscriptionExample/ManageTopicSubscription.cs#L39) (`Subscribe`)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Building an Amazon SNS application](../cross_service/SubscribePublishTranslate) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the [README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively, add a settings.local.json file with
your local settings, which will be loaded automatically when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```
Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SNS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/welcome.html)
* [Amazon SNS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET Amazon SNS reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/SNS/NSNS.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0