<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-08-25 12:48:57.611159 (UTC)-->

# HealthImaging code examples for the SDK for JavaScript (v3)

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3) to work with AWS HealthImaging.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_HealthImaging is a HIPAA-eligible service that helps health care providers and their medical imaging ISV partners store, transform, and apply machine learning to medical images._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Create a data store](actions/create-datastore.js#L8) (`CreateDatastore`)
- [Delete a data store](actions/delete-datastore.js#L35) (`DeleteDatastore`)
- [Get data store properties](actions/get-datastore.js#L8) (`GetDatastore`)
- [List data stores](actions/list-datastores.js#L8) (`ListDatastores`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html).

**Run a single action**

```bash
node ./actions/<fileName>
```

**Run a scenario**
Most scenarios can be run with the following command:

```bash
node ./scenarios/<fileName>
```

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [HealthImaging User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/devguide/what-is.html)
- [HealthImaging API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthimaging/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [SDK for JavaScript (v3) HealthImaging reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/medical-imaging)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
