<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-06 14:21:47.817731 (UTC)-->
# MediaConvert code examples for the SDK for C++

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for C++ to work with AWS Elemental MediaConvert.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*MediaConvert is a service that formats and compresses offline video content for delivery to televisions or connected devices.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a transcoding job](create_job.cpp#L52) (`CreateJob`)
* [Get a transcoding job](get_job.cpp#L22) (`GetJob`)
* [List transcoding jobs](list_jobs.cpp#L22) (`ListJobs`)

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites



Before using the code examples, first complete the installation and setup steps
for [Getting started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started.html) in the AWS SDK for
C++ Developer Guide.
This section covers how to get and build the SDK, and how to build your own code by using the SDK with a
sample Hello World-style application.

Next, for information on code example structures and how to build and run the examples, see [Getting started with the AWS SDK for C++ code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started-code-examples.html).


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
MediaConvert has a low request limit for DescribeEndpoints.
The best practice is to request the endpoint once, and then cache it.
Otherwise, you’ll quickly hit your low limit. These examples use the provided code, [getEndpointUriHelper](utils.cpp#L30), for endpoint retrieval and caching.
<!--custom.instructions.end-->


### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.



```sh
   cd <BUILD_DIR>
   cmake <path-to-root-of-this-source-code> -DBUILD_TESTS=ON
   make
   ctest
```


<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [MediaConvert User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/latest/ug/what-is.html)
* [MediaConvert API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/latest/apireference/custom-endpoints.html)
* [SDK for C++ MediaConvert reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/cpp/api/LATEST/aws-cpp-sdk-mediaconvert/html/annotated.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0