<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-06-06 21:26:12.594457 (UTC)-->
# IAM code examples for the SDK for Rust

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Rust to work with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*IAM is a web service for securely controlling access to AWS services. With IAM, you can centrally manage permissions in your AWS account.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello IAM](src/bin/hello.rs#L1) (`ListPolicies`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Attach a policy to a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L224) (`AttachRolePolicy`)
* [Attach a policy to a user](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L239) (`AttachUserPolicy`)
* [Create a policy](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L21) (`CreatePolicy`)
* [Create a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L68) (`CreateRole`)
* [Create a service-linked role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L427) (`CreateServiceLinkedRole`)
* [Create a user](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L90) (`CreateUser`)
* [Create an access key](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L273) (`CreateAccessKey`)
* [Delete a policy](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L341) (`DeletePolicy`)
* [Delete a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L163) (`DeleteRole`)
* [Delete a service-linked role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L179) (`DeleteServiceLinkedRole`)
* [Delete a user](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L194) (`DeleteUser`)
* [Delete an access key](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L297) (`DeleteAccessKey`)
* [Delete an inline policy from a user](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L352) (`DeleteUserPolicy`)
* [Detach a policy from a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L324) (`DetachRolePolicy`)
* [Detach a policy from a user](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L256) (`DetachUserPolicy`)
* [Get a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L116) (`GetRole`)
* [Get the account password policy](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L446) (`GetAccountPasswordPolicy`)
* [List SAML providers](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L496) (`ListSAMLProviders`)
* [List groups](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L408) (`ListGroups`)
* [List inline policies for a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L477) (`ListRolePolicies`)
* [List policies](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L369) (`ListPolicies`)
* [List policies attached to a role](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L456) (`ListAttachedRolePolicies`)
* [List roles](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L98) (`ListRoles`)
* [List users](src/iam-service-lib.rs#L126) (`ListUsers`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Create a user and assume a role](src/bin/iam-getting-started.rs) 

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello IAM

This example shows you how to get started using IAM.



#### Create a user and assume a role

This example shows you how to create a user and assume a role. 

* Create a user with no permissions.
* Create a role that grants permission to list Amazon S3 buckets for the account.
* Add a policy to let the user assume the role.
* Assume the role and list S3 buckets using temporary credentials, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [IAM User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html)
* [IAM API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/APIReference/welcome.html)
* [SDK for Rust IAM reference](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-iam/latest/aws_sdk_iam/)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0