javascriptv3/example_code/redshift/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for Amazon Redshift examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Redshift examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/redshift-examples.html) contains these examples.

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-redshift/index.html) contains the API operations for the AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Amazon Redshift client module.

Amazon Redshift is a fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service in the cloud. You can start with just a few hundred gigabytes of data and scale to a petabyte or more. This enables you to use your data to acquire new insights for your business and customers.
 


# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-redshift-node*.

```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/redshift
npm install
```
3. If you're using JavaScript, change the sample file extension from ```.ts``` to ```.js```.

4. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

5. Run sample code:
```
cd src
ts-node [example name].ts // e.g., ts-node redshift-create-cluster.ts
```

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/redshift/README.md, after:

# Amazon Redshift JavaScript SDK v3 code examples
Amazon Redshift is a fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service in the cloud. You can start with just a few hundred gigabytes of data and scale to a petabyte or more. This enables you to use your data to acquire new insights for your business and customers.

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript version 3 (v3) Amazon Redshift examples. 

- [Create Redshift cluster](src/redshift-create-cluster.js)
- [Delete a Redshift cluster](src/redshift-delete-cluster.js)
- [Describe Redshift clusters](src/redshift-describe-clusters.js)
- [Modify Redshift clusters](src/redshift-modify-cluster.js)

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).


# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These include the client module for the AWS services required in these example, 
which is *@aws-sdk/client-redshift-node*.

```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/redshift
npm install
```


3. In your text editor, update user variables specified in the ```Inputs``` section of the sample file.

4. Run sample code:
```
cd src
node [example name].js // For example, node redshift-create-cluster.js
```

## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)  
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/redshift-examples.html) 
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-redshift/index.html)
