gov2/rekognition/README.md, before:

# AWS SDK for Go V2 code examples for Amazon Rekognition

## Purpose

These examples demonstrates how to perform several Amazon Rekognition
operations using version 2 of the AWS SDK for Go.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have your default credentials and AWS Region
configured as described in
[Configuring the AWS SDK for Go V2](https://aws.github.io/aws-sdk-go-v2/docs/configuring-sdk/)
in the AWS SDK for Go V2 Developer Guide.

## Running the code

### DetectLabels/DetectLabels.go

This example performs three tasks:

1. Saves the image in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket with an "uploads/" prefix.
1. Gets any ELIF information from the image and saves in the Amazon DynamoDB (DynamoDB) table.
1. Detects instances of real-world entities,
   such as flowers, weddings, and nature, within a JPEG or PNG image,
   and saves those instances as name/confidence pairs in the DynamoDB table.
1. Creates a thumbnail version of the image, no larger than 80 pixels by 80 pixels,
   and saves it in the same bucket with a "thumbs/" prefix and "thumb" suffix.

`go run DetectLabels.go -b BUCKET -t TABLE -f IMAGE`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket where the images are saved.
- _TABLE_ is the name of the bucket to which the item is copied.
- _IMAGE_ is the name of the JPG or PNG table.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

## Running the unit tests

Unit tests should delete any resources they create.
However, they might result in charges to your
AWS account.

To run a unit test, enter:

`go test`

You should see something like the following,
where PATH is the path to the folder containing the Go files:

```sh
PASS
ok      PATH 6.593s
```

If you want to see any log messages, enter:

`go test -v`

You should see some additional log messages.
The last two lines should be similar to the previous output shown.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Updated Rekognition DetectFaces code example in Go to include unit test

gov2/rekognition/README.md, after:

# AWS SDK for Go V2 code examples for Amazon Rekognition

## Purpose

These examples demonstrates how to perform several Amazon Rekognition
operations using version 2 of the AWS SDK for Go.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have your default credentials and AWS Region
configured as described in
[Configuring the AWS SDK for Go V2](https://aws.github.io/aws-sdk-go-v2/docs/configuring-sdk/)
in the AWS SDK for Go V2 Developer Guide.

## Running the code

### DetectFaces/DetectFaces.go

This example reads the specified image from the bucket, 
runs facial recognition on the faces in the image, 
and display attributes of each face, 
such as position, age, emotion, and gender.

`go run DetectFaces.go -b BUCKET -i IMAGE`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket containing the image.
- _IMAGE_ is the name of the JPEG, JPG, or PNG image as the fully-qualified path in the bucket.
  Other formats are not supported.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### DetectLabels/DetectLabels.go

This example performs three tasks:

1. Saves the image in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket with an "uploads/" prefix.
1. Gets any ELIF information from the image and saves in the Amazon DynamoDB (DynamoDB) table.
1. Detects instances of real-world entities,
   such as flowers, weddings, and nature, within a JPEG or PNG image,
   and saves those instances as name/confidence pairs in the DynamoDB table.
1. Creates a thumbnail version of the image, no larger than 80 pixels by 80 pixels,
   and saves it in the same bucket with a "thumbs/" prefix and "thumb" suffix.

`go run DetectLabels.go -b BUCKET -t TABLE -f IMAGE`

- _BUCKET_ is the name of the bucket where the images are saved.
- _TABLE_ is the name of the bucket to which the item is copied.
- _IMAGE_ is the name of the JPG or PNG table.

The unit test accepts similar values in _config.json_.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

## Running the unit tests

Unit tests should delete any resources they create.
However, they might result in charges to your
AWS account.

To run a unit test, enter:

`go test`

You should see something like the following,
where PATH is the path to the folder containing the Go files:

```sh
PASS
ok      PATH 6.593s
```

If you want to see any log messages, enter:

`go test -v`

You should see some additional log messages.
The last two lines should be similar to the previous output shown.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
