.rust_alpha/README.md, before:

# AWS SDK for Rust code examples 

## Purpose

These examples demonstrate how to perform several operations using the alpha 0.0.4 version of the AWS SDK for Rust.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have configured your default credentials and AWS Region as described in [https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-rust](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-rust).

## Running the code

### FOLDER/EXAMPLE

This example ...

`cargo run [-r REGION]`

- _REGION_ is optional name of a region, such as __us-east-1__.
  If this value is not supplied, the region defaults to __us-west-2__.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Updated root readme for Rust alpha

.rust_alpha/README.md, after:

# AWS SDK for Rust code examples 

## Purpose

These examples demonstrate how to perform several operations using the alpha 0.0.4 version of the AWS SDK for Rust.

## Prerequisites

You must have an AWS account, and have configured your default credentials and AWS Region as described in [https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-rust](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-rust).

## Running the code

See the individual readme files in each service directory for information about specific code examples for that service.

### Notes

- We recommend that you grant this code least privilege,
  or at most the minimum permissions required to perform the task.
  For more information, see
  [Grant Least Privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege)
  in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.
- This code has not been tested in all AWS Regions.
  Some AWS services are available only in specific
  [Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).
- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
