javascriptv3/example_code/lambda/README.md, before:

# TypeScript environment for AWS Lambda examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 AWS Lambda examples. 

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) is available. 

The [AWS documentation for this tutorial](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/using-lambda-functions.html) contains these examples.

The [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-lambda/index.html) contains the API operations for the AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 AWS Lambda client module.

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume.

This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 Lambda examples. 



# Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These dependencies include the client modules for the AWS services that this example requires, 
which are *@aws-sdk/client-dynamodb*, *@aws-sdk/client-lambda*, *@aws-sdk/client-iam*, 
*@aws-sdk/client-s3*, *@aws-sdk/client-dynamoDB*, *@aws-sdk/client-cognito-identity*, 
*@aws-sdk/credential-provider-cognito-identity*, and *@aws-sdk/client-lambda*.
```
npm install ts-node -g # If using JavaScript, enter 'npm install node -g' instead
cd javascriptv3/example_code/lambda
npm install
```

Commit message:

updates ec2, mediaconvert, ses, sqs, sns examples:
removed client generation to separate file to accomodate tests
changed to ES6 from commonJS
changed from TypeScript to JavaScript
rewrote tests
updated readmes (for all service example categories)

javascriptv3/example_code/lambda/README.md, after:

# AWS Lambda JavaScript SDK v3 code examples
AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume.

## Code examples
This is a workspace where you can find the following AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 AWS Lambda examples. 
- Create a table using Lambda function. See [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/lambda-create-table-example.html).

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see 
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-example-javascript-syntax.html).

## Getting started

1. Clone the [AWS SDK Code Samples repo](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples) to your local environment. See [the Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) for instructions.

2. Install the dependencies listed in the package.json.

**Note**: These dependencies include the client modules for the AWS services that this example requires, 
which are *@aws-sdk/client-dynamodb*, *@aws-sdk/client-lambda*, *@aws-sdk/client-iam*, 
*@aws-sdk/client-s3*, *@aws-sdk/client-dynamoDB*, *@aws-sdk/client-cognito-identity*, 
*@aws-sdk/credential-provider-cognito-identity*, and *@aws-sdk/client-lambda*.
```
npm install node -g
cd javascriptv3/example_code/lambda
npm install
```
## Resources
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)  
- [AWS documentation for this tutorial](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/lambda-create-table-example.html) 
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 API Reference Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-lambda/index.html)
