<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-05-04 15:26:17.321839 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SQS code examples for the SDK for C++

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for C++ to work with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SQS is a fully managed message queuing service that makes it easy to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

Before using the code examples, first complete the installation and setup steps
for [Getting started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started.html) in the AWS SDK for
C++ Developer Guide.
This section covers how to get and build the SDK, and how to build your own code by using the SDK with a
sample Hello World-style application.

Next, for information on code example structures and how to build and run the examples, see [Getting started with the AWS SDK for C++ code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started-code-examples.html).

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Change how long a queue waits for a message](long_polling_on_existing_queue.cpp#L87) (`SetQueueAttributes`)
* [Change message timeout visibility](change_message_visibility.cpp#L26) (`ChangeMessageVisibility`)
* [Configure a dead letter queue](dead_letter_queue.cpp#L123) (`SetQueueAttributes`)
* [Create a queue](create_queue.cpp#L25) (`CreateQueue`)
* [Delete a message from a queue](delete_message.cpp#L25) (`DeleteMessage`)
* [Delete a queue](delete_queue.cpp#L26) (`DeleteQueue`)
* [Get the URL of a queue](get_queue_url.cpp#L25) (`GetQueueUrl`)
* [List queues](list_queues.cpp#L25) (`ListQueues`)
* [Receive messages from a queue](receive_message.cpp#L25) (`ReceiveMessage`)
* [Send a message to a queue](send_message.cpp#L25) (`SendMessage`)
* [Set the attributes for a queue](set_queue_attributes.cpp#L23) (`SetQueueAttributes`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.



```sh
   cd <BUILD_DIR>
   cmake <path-to-root-of-this-source-code> -DBUILD_TESTS=ON
   make
   ctest
```


<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon SQS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/welcome.html)
* [Amazon SQS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for C++ Amazon SQS reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/cpp/api/LATEST/aws-cpp-sdk-sqs/html/annotated.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0