javascriptv3/example_code/ses/README.md, before:

# Amazon SES code examples for the SDK for JavaScript in Node.js

## Overview

Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a reliable, scalable, and cost-effective email service. Digital marketers and application developers can use Amazon SES to send marketing, notification, and transactional emails.

## ⚠️ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Create a receipt filter](./src/ses_createreceiptfilter.js) (`CreateReceiptFilter`)
- [Create a receipt rule](./src/ses_createreceiptrule.js) (`CreateReceiptRule`)
- [Create a receipt rule set](./src/ses_createreceiptruleset.js) (`CreateReceiptRuleSet`)
- [Create a template](./src/ses_createtemplate.js) (`CreateTemplate`)
- [Delete an identity](./src/ses_deleteidentity.js) (`DeleteIdentity`)
- [Delete a receipt filter](./src/ses_deletereceiptfilter.js) (`DeleteReceiptFilter`)
- [Delete a receipt rule](./src/ses_deletereceiptrule.js) (`DeleteReceiptRule`)
- [Delete a receipt rule set](./src/ses_deletereceiptruleset.js) (`DeleteReceiptRuleSet`)
- [Delete a template](./src/ses_deletetemplate.js) (`DeleteTemplate`)
- [Get a template](./src/ses_gettemplate.js) (`GetTemplate`)
- [List all identities](./src/ses_listidentities.js) (`ListIdentities`)
- [List all receipt filters](./src/ses_listreceiptfilters.js) (`ListReceiptFilters`)
- [List all templates](./src/ses_listtemplates.js) (`ListTemplates`)
- [Send a bulk templated email](./src/ses_sendbulktemplatedemail.js) (`SendBulkTemplatedEmail`)
- [Send an email](./src/ses_sendemail.js) (`SendEmail`)
- [Send a templated email](./src/ses_sendtemplatedemail.js) (`SendTemplatedEmail`)
- [Update a template](./src/ses_updatetemplate.js) (`UpdateTemplate`)
- [Verify a domain identity](./src/ses_verifydomainidentity.js) (`VerifyDomainIdentity`)
- [Verify an email identity](./src/ses_verifyemailidentity.js) (`VerifyEmailIdentity`)

## Run the examples

1. `npm i`
1. `node <path/to/example.js>`

### Prerequisites

- [Set up AWS SDK for JavaScript](../README.rst)

## Tests

⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

1. `cd ../tests/ses`
1. `npm test`

## Additional resources

- [Amazon SES Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/Welcome.html)
- [Amazon SES API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [Amazon SES Client - AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ses/index.html)

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Fix README formatting and service name usage; add copyright to utils.

javascriptv3/example_code/ses/README.md, after:

# Amazon SES code examples for the AWS SDK for JavaScript in Node.js

## Overview
Shows how to use the SDK for JavaScript in Node.js with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to send emails and manage
identities, filters, rules, and templates.

Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a reliable, scalable, and cost-effective email service. Digital marketers and application developers can use Amazon SES to send marketing, notification, and transactional emails.

## ⚠️ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Code examples

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Create a receipt filter](./src/ses_createreceiptfilter.js) (`CreateReceiptFilter`)
- [Create a receipt rule](./src/ses_createreceiptrule.js) (`CreateReceiptRule`)
- [Create a receipt rule set](./src/ses_createreceiptruleset.js) (`CreateReceiptRuleSet`)
- [Create a template](./src/ses_createtemplate.js) (`CreateTemplate`)
- [Delete an identity](./src/ses_deleteidentity.js) (`DeleteIdentity`)
- [Delete a receipt filter](./src/ses_deletereceiptfilter.js) (`DeleteReceiptFilter`)
- [Delete a receipt rule](./src/ses_deletereceiptrule.js) (`DeleteReceiptRule`)
- [Delete a receipt rule set](./src/ses_deletereceiptruleset.js) (`DeleteReceiptRuleSet`)
- [Delete a template](./src/ses_deletetemplate.js) (`DeleteTemplate`)
- [Get a template](./src/ses_gettemplate.js) (`GetTemplate`)
- [List all identities](./src/ses_listidentities.js) (`ListIdentities`)
- [List all receipt filters](./src/ses_listreceiptfilters.js) (`ListReceiptFilters`)
- [List all templates](./src/ses_listtemplates.js) (`ListTemplates`)
- [Send a bulk templated email](./src/ses_sendbulktemplatedemail.js) (`SendBulkTemplatedEmail`)
- [Send an email](./src/ses_sendemail.js) (`SendEmail`)
- [Send a templated email](./src/ses_sendtemplatedemail.js) (`SendTemplatedEmail`)
- [Update a template](./src/ses_updatetemplate.js) (`UpdateTemplate`)
- [Verify a domain identity](./src/ses_verifydomainidentity.js) (`VerifyDomainIdentity`)
- [Verify an email identity](./src/ses_verifyemailidentity.js) (`VerifyEmailIdentity`)

## Run the examples

1. `npm i`
1. `node <path/to/example.js>`

### Prerequisites

- [Set up AWS SDK for JavaScript](../README.rst)

## Tests

⚠️ Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

1. `cd ../tests/ses`
1. `npm test`

## Additional resources

- [Amazon SES Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/Welcome.html)
- [Amazon SES API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
- [Amazon SES Client - AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ses/index.html)

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
