<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-02-14 16:39:18.367640 (UTC)-->
# Amazon RDS code examples for the SDK for C++

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for C++ to work with Amazon Relational Database Service.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a DB instance](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L481) (`CreateDBInstance`)
* [Create a DB parameter group](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L313) (`CreateDBParameterGroup`)
* [Create a snapshot of a DB instance](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L559) (`CreateDBSnapshot`)
* [Delete a DB instance](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L851) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
* [Delete a DB parameter group](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L905) (`DeleteDBParameterGroup`)
* [Describe DB instances](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L745) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
* [Describe DB parameter groups](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L275) (`DescribeDBParameterGroups`)
* [Describe database engine versions](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L711) (`DescribeDBEngineVersions`)
* [Describe options for DB instances](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L784) (`DescribeOrderableDBInstanceOptions`)
* [Describe parameters in a DB parameter group](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L654) (`DescribeDBParameters`)
* [Describe snapshots of DB instances](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L597) (`DescribeDBSnapshots`)
* [Update parameters in a DB parameter group](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp#L382) (`ModifyDBParameterGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with DB instances](getting_started_with_db_instances.cpp) 

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `cpp` folder.

Before using the code examples, first complete the installation and setup steps
for [Getting started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started.html) in the AWS SDK for
C++ Developer Guide.
This section covers how to get and build the SDK, and how to build your own code by using the SDK with a
sample Hello World-style application.

Next, for information on code example structures and how to build and run the examples, see [Getting started with the AWS SDK for C++ code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/getting-started-code-examples.html).


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->


#### Get started with DB instances

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a custom DB parameter group and set parameter values.
* Create a DB instance that's configured to use the parameter group. The DB instance also contains a database.
* Take a snapshot of the instance.
* Delete the instance and parameter group.

<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.rds_Scenario_GetStartedInstances.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `cpp` folder.


```sh
   cd <BUILD_DIR>
   cmake <path-to-root-of-this-source-code> -DBUILD_TESTS=ON
   make
   ctest
```


<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon RDS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon RDS API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for C++ Amazon RDS reference](https://sdk.amazonaws.com/cpp/api/LATEST/aws-cpp-sdk-rds/html/annotated.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0