<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-06-06 21:26:13.900778 (UTC)-->
# Amazon QLDB code examples for the SDK for Rust

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Rust to work with Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon QLDB is a fully managed ledger database that provides a transparent, immutable, and cryptographically verifiable transaction log owned by a central trusted authority.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a ledger](src/bin/create-ledger.rs#L29) (`CreateLedger`)
* [List your ledgers](src/bin/list-ledgers.rs#L25) (`ListLedgers`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon QLDB Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/qldb/latest/developerguide/what-is.html)
* [Amazon QLDB API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/qldb/latest/developerguide/api-reference.html)
* [SDK for Rust Amazon QLDB reference](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-qldb/latest/aws_sdk_qldb/)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0