<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-03 19:20:39.930464 (UTC)-->
# Amazon Textract code examples for the SDK for Rust

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Rust to work with Amazon Textract.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon Textract enables you to add document text detection and analysis to your applications.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples
## Run the examples

### Prerequisites


For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.



<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
#### analyze-document

This example sends a message to and receives the message from a queue in the Region.

`cargo run --bin analyze-document -- --document-path ./example_document.png [--help] [-r REGION] [--query QUERY]`

- _REGION_ is the Region in which the client is created.
  If not supplied, uses the value of the __AWS_REGION__ environment variable.
  If the environment variable is not set, defaults to __us-west-2__.
- _QUERY_ is the question that you want answered by textual information in the image.
- __-help__ displays additional information.
<!--custom.instructions.end-->


### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `rust_dev_preview` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Amazon Textract Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/textract/latest/dg/what-is.html)
* [Amazon Textract API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/textract/latest/dg/API_Reference.html)
* [SDK for Rust Amazon Textract reference](https://docs.rs/aws-sdk-textract/latest/aws_sdk_textract/)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0