<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-08-08 19:58:52.531233 (UTC)-->

# Secrets Manager code examples for the SDK for JavaScript (v3)

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3) to work with AWS Secrets Manager.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_Secrets Manager helps you to securely encrypt, store, and retrieve credentials for your databases and other services._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Get a secret value](actions/get-secret-value.js#L7) (`GetSecretValue`)

## Run the examples

### Instructions

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html).

**Run a single action**

```bash
node ./actions/<fileName>
```

**Run a scenario**
Most scenarios can be run with the following command:

```bash
node ./scenarios/<fileName>
```

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [Secrets Manager User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html)
- [Secrets Manager API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/apireference/Welcome.html)
- [SDK for JavaScript (v3) Secrets Manager reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/secrets-manager)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
