<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-05-18 22:29:44.787650 (UTC)-->
# Amazon SES code examples for the SDK for Ruby

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for Ruby to work with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Amazon SES is a reliable, scalable, and cost-effective email service.*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `ruby` folder.

### Single actions
Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Get statistics](v1/ses_get_statistics.rb) (`GetSendStatistics`)

* [List emails](v1/ses_list_emails.rb) (`ListTemplates`)

* [Send an email](v1/ses_send_email.rb) (`SendEmail`)

* [Send a verification](v1/ses_send_verification.rb) (`VerifyEmailIdentity`)

* [Send an email using SESv2](v2/send_email.rb) (`SendEmail`)

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

## Run the examples

### Instructions


<!--custom.instructions.start-->
The quickest way to interact with this example code is to invoke a [Single Action](#single-actions) from your command line. For example, `ruby some_action.rb` will invoke `some_action.rb`.
<!--custom.instructions.end-->



### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `ruby` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->

## Contribute
Code examples thrive on community contribution.

To learn more about the contributing process, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources
<!--custom.resources.start-->
* [More Ruby Amazon SES code examples](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/developer-guide/ses-examples.html)
* [SDK for Ruby Developer Guide](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/language/ruby/)
* [SDK for Ruby Amazon SES Module](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-ruby/v3/api/Aws/SES.html)
* [Amazon SES Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/Welcome.html)
* [Amazon SES API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
