<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-10-26 15:45:18.020139 (UTC)-->
# Aurora code examples for the SDK for .NET

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for .NET to work with Amazon Aurora.

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

*Aurora is a fully managed relational database engine that's built for the cloud and compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. Amazon Aurora is part of Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS).*

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account. For more details, see [AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?aws-products-pricing.sort-by=item.additionalFields.productNameLowercase&aws-products-pricing.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Type=*all&awsf.tech-category=*all) and [Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all).
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `dotnetv3` folder.


<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->


### Get started

* [Hello Aurora](Actions/HelloAurora.cs#L4) (`DescribeDBClusters`)

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

* [Create a DB cluster](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L199) (`CreateDBCluster`)
* [Create a DB cluster parameter group](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L41) (`CreateDBClusterParameterGroup`)
* [Create a DB cluster snapshot](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L320) (`CreateDBClusterSnapshot`)
* [Create a DB instance in a DB cluster](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L286) (`CreateDBInstance`)
* [Delete a DB cluster](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L367) (`DeleteDBCluster`)
* [Delete a DB cluster parameter group](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L181) (`DeleteDBClusterParameterGroup`)
* [Delete a DB instance](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L386) (`DeleteDBInstance`)
* [Describe DB cluster parameter groups](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L98) (`DescribeDBClusterParameterGroups`)
* [Describe DB cluster snapshots](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L340) (`DescribeDBClusterSnapshots`)
* [Describe DB clusters](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L259) (`DescribeDBClusters`)
* [Describe DB instances](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L236) (`DescribeDBInstances`)
* [Describe database engine versions](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L21) (`DescribeDBEngineVersions`)
* [Describe options for DB instances](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L154) (`DescribeOrderableDBInstanceOptions`)
* [Describe parameters from a DB cluster parameter group](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L66) (`DescribeDBClusterParameters`)
* [Update parameters in a DB cluster parameter group](Actions/AuroraWrapper.cs#L115) (`ModifyDBClusterParameterGroup`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

* [Get started with DB clusters](Scenarios/AuroraScenario.cs)

### Cross-service examples

Sample applications that work across multiple AWS services.

* [Create an Aurora Serverless work item tracker](../cross_service/AuroraItemTracker)

## Run the examples

### Instructions


For general instructions to run the examples, see the
[README](../README.md#building-and-running-the-code-examples) in the `dotnetv3` folder.

Some projects might include a settings.json file. Before compiling the project,
you can change these values to match your own account and resources. Alternatively,
add a settings.local.json file with your local settings, which will be loaded automatically
when the application runs.

After the example compiles, you can run it from the command line. To do so, navigate to
the folder that contains the .csproj file and run the following command:

```
dotnet run
```

Alternatively, you can run the example from within your IDE.

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Hello Aurora

This example shows you how to get started using Aurora.



#### Get started with DB clusters

This example shows you how to do the following:

* Create a custom Aurora DB cluster parameter group and set parameter values.
* Create a DB cluster that uses the parameter group.
* Create a DB instance that contains a database.
* Take a snapshot of the DB cluster, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.end-->


<!--custom.scenarios.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.aurora_Scenario_GetStartedClusters.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.


To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../README.md#Tests)
in the `dotnetv3` folder.



<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

* [Aurora User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/CHAP_AuroraOverview.html)
* [Aurora API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
* [SDK for .NET Aurora reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/RDS/NRDS.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0