<!--Generated by WRITEME on 2023-04-04 12:51:39.580568 (UTC)-->

# IAM code examples for the SDK for JavaScript (v3)

## Overview

Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3) to work with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

<!--custom.overview.start-->
<!--custom.overview.end-->

_IAM is a web service for securely controlling access to AWS services. With IAM, you can centrally manage permissions in your AWS account._

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

<!--custom.important.start-->
<!--custom.important.end-->

## Code examples

### Single actions

Code excerpts that show you how to call individual service functions.

- [Attach a policy to a role](actions/attach-role-policy.js#L8) (`AttachRolePolicy`)
- [Attach an inline policy to a role](actions/put-role-policy.js#L8) (`PutRolePolicy`)
- [Create a SAML provider](actions/create-saml-provider.js#L8) (`CreateSAMLProvider`)
- [Create a group](actions/create-group.js#L8) (`CreateGroup`)
- [Create a policy](actions/create-policy.js#L8) (`CreatePolicy`)
- [Create a role](actions/create-role.js#L8) (`CreateRole`)
- [Create a service-linked role](actions/create-service-linked-role.js#L8) (`CreateServiceLinkedRole`)
- [Create a user](actions/create-user.js#L8) (`CreateUser`)
- [Create an access key](actions/create-access-key.js#L8) (`CreateAccessKey`)
- [Create an alias for an account](actions/create-account-alias.js#L8) (`CreateAccountAlias`)
- [Delete SAML provider](actions/delete-saml-provider.js#L8) (`DeleteSAMLProvider`)
- [Delete a group](actions/delete-group.js#L8) (`DeleteGroup`)
- [Delete a policy](actions/delete-policy.js#L8) (`DeletePolicy`)
- [Delete a role](actions/delete-role.js#L8) (`DeleteRole`)
- [Delete a role policy](actions/delete-role-policy.js#L8) (`DeleteRolePolicy`)
- [Delete a server certificate](actions/delete-server-certificate.js#L8) (`DeleteServerCertificate`)
- [Delete a service-linked role](actions/delete-service-linked-role.js#L8) (`DeleteServiceLinkedRole`)
- [Delete a user](actions/delete-user.js#L8) (`DeleteUser`)
- [Delete an access key](actions/delete-access-key.js#L8) (`DeleteAccessKey`)
- [Delete an account alias](actions/delete-account-alias.js#L8) (`DeleteAccountAlias`)
- [Detach a policy from a role](actions/detach-role-policy.js#L8) (`DetachRolePolicy`)
- [Get a policy](actions/get-policy.js#L8) (`GetPolicy`)
- [Get a role](actions/get-role.js#L8) (`GetRole`)
- [Get a server certificate](actions/get-server-certificate.js#L8) (`GetServerCertificate`)
- [Get a service-linked role's deletion status](actions/get-service-linked-role-deletion-status.js#L8) (`GetServiceLinkedRoleDeletionStatus`)
- [Get data about the last use of an access key](actions/get-access-key-last-used.js#L8) (`GetAccessKeyLastUsed`)
- [Get the account password policy](actions/get-account-password-policy.js#L8) (`GetAccountPasswordPolicy`)
- [List SAML providers](actions/list-saml-providers.js#L8) (`ListSAMLProviders`)
- [List a user's access keys](actions/list-access-keys.js#L8) (`ListAccessKeys`)
- [List account aliases](actions/list-account-aliases.js#L8) (`ListAccountAliases`)
- [List groups](actions/list-groups.js#L8) (`ListGroups`)
- [List inline policies for a role](actions/list-role-policies.js#L8) (`ListRolePolicies`)
- [List policies](actions/list-policies.js#L8) (`ListPolicies`)
- [List policies attached to a role](actions/list-attached-role-policies.js#L8) (`ListAttachedRolePolicies`)
- [List roles](actions/list-roles.js#L8) (`ListRoles`)
- [List server certificates](actions/list-server-certificates.js#L8) (`ListServerCertificates`)
- [List users](actions/list-users.js#L8) (`ListUsers`)
- [Update a server certificate](actions/update-server-certificate.js#L8) (`UpdateServerCertificate`)
- [Update a user](actions/update-user.js#L8) (`UpdateUser`)
- [Update an access key](actions/update-access-key.js#L8) (`UpdateAccessKey`)
- [Upload a server certificate](actions/upload-server-certificate.js#L8) (`UploadServerCertificate`)

### Scenarios

Code examples that show you how to accomplish a specific task by calling multiple
functions within the same service.

- [Create a user and assume a role](scenarios/basic.js)

## Run the examples

### Prerequisites

For prerequisites, see the [README](../../README.md#Prerequisites) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.prerequisites.start-->
<!--custom.prerequisites.end-->

### Instructions

**Note**: All code examples are written in ECMAscript 6 (ES6). For guidelines on converting to CommonJS, see
[JavaScript ES6/CommonJS syntax](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/sdk-examples-javascript-syntax.html).

**Run a single action**

```bash
node ./actions/<fileName>
```

**Run a scenario**
Most scenarios can be run with the following command:

```bash
node ./scenarios/<fileName>
```

<!--custom.instructions.start-->
<!--custom.instructions.end-->

#### Create a user and assume a role

This example shows you how to create a user and assume a role.

- Create a user with no permissions.
- Create a role that grants permission to list Amazon S3 buckets for the account.
- Add a policy to let the user assume the role.
- Assume the role and list S3 buckets using temporary credentials, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.start-->
<!--custom.scenarios.iam_Scenario_CreateUserAssumeRole.end-->

### Tests

⚠ Running tests might result in charges to your AWS account.

To find instructions for running these tests, see the [README](../../README.md#Tests)
in the `javascriptv3` folder.

<!--custom.tests.start-->
<!--custom.tests.end-->

## Additional resources

- [IAM User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html)
- [IAM API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/APIReference/welcome.html)
- [SDK for JavaScript (v3) IAM reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/iam/index.html)

<!--custom.resources.start-->
<!--custom.resources.end-->

---

Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
